Who, Todd? He's in here all the time. And he never tips. You don't wanna go out with that guy.
Todd? What's the matter?
Boy, it is depressing in here.
I know you're sad because we never find somebody to love, Todd... ...But what's wrong with you, Tomo?
Aw, cheer up, fellas! We don't need anybody else. We've got each other! And babs!
Gotcha! We'll meet someone, but I can't tell you more than that.
Get back out there, Todd. For all of us.
And on such a nice day. We should do something! Let's have a picnic!
But how else are we gonna make the most of this perfect day?
Oooh! Butterscotch! Oldie loves butterscotch.
Anybody else hungry?
I used to love this thing!
Huh! What's wrong, Todd?
It sounds like you may finally be ready. Ready to make' The perfect hamburger.
Let's see' Aha! We named him Buckley!
What's wrong, Todd?
Well, that's not so bad!
Aw, I'm sure we weren't that ba- Todd holds the yearbook up to Oldie's face.
I will be representing Todd, your honor.
The whole system is out of order!
I always wondered what life would've been like if I'd bothered to sort out my issues.
--Are you kidding?
I should've done therapy years ago! I learned all this stuff about myself.
Like, why do I have a tooth collection? Something to chew on.
No way! I've got years of experience!
Although... wait, if you're not doing the cooking then how did I get the experience?
Unless I die at some point, but that doesn't seem likely considering all the futuristic medical technology I have access to.
I think he's sick!
Ah, yes! A perfect spot to plant my perfectly rectangular, casket sized bush!
And another perfect spot for my tooth collection!
What WAS that?
Hm... we're out of eggs.
And Todd & Tomo are at work.
WELL BABS Looks like we're going into the city for some eggs.
Yep! Just an old man and a baby! Just a flagile old man and a tiny baby, on their way to the big, dangerous city.
Old man and a baby, far from home together. What could possibly go wrong?? Old man! Baby with time powers! A truly zany duo!
'Clean as a whistle!
I hope you boys are hungry. I made potatoes!
I thought I was Todd Prime!
I used to love this thing!
Off to the world of dreams I go!
Tomo, you stop that immedia-- Hey, now I'M stylin'... Neither can I!
Hey, they're powerful ways.
I'm sure he'll be back by next episode.
Welcome to Episode 100 of Live With Yourself!
We've faced so many great challenges and been on so many adventures. Let's take a look at some of the highlights.
Fellas, fellas! I might have ENHANCED the truth a bit, sure. But just because something hasn't happened YET... ... doesn't mean it WON'T!
To the future! And on such a nice day.
We should do something! Let's have a picnic!
But how else are we gonna make the most of this perfect day?
I hope we don't have any MEDICAL BILLS coming up. And don't forget to save for retirement!
Alright. Back to the Oldie Hole I go.
CANCEL IT, CANCEL IT. I DON'T REMEMBER!
The abandoned warehouse?
What does Tomo think the origin story is?
I do! I don't remember how to drive this thing.
'Todd, could you tell me who... ...>>THIS<< is?
Yeah but who? A baby of who?
Tomo, NOBODY remembers the barn cats from Episode 27.
'>>AMNESIA!<< Do you remember this happening?
>>THAT<<... Makes perfect sense.
Just keep in mind... ...Some things aren't meant to be untangled.
I've been expecting you two.
Boy, it is depressing in here.
I know you're sad because we never find somebody to love, Todd... ...But what's wrong with you, Tomo?
Aw, cheer up, fellas! We don't need anybody else. We've got each other! And babs!
Gotcha! We'll meet someone, but I can't tell you more than that.
Get back out there, Todd. For all of us.
Todd? What's the matter?
Who, Todd? He's in here all the time. And he never tips. You don't wanna go out with that guy.
Ah! There they are.
Drat. If I just get Todd, then Tomo will be gotten too.
I just have to get Todd!! >>THERE HE IS<< >>OR<< how about paintball!
Yeah! It'll be me versus both of you.
If you get hit with one of >>THESE<<, you're  Why do I always get roped into this nonsense.
>>WILL YOU TWO STOP RUINING MY LEEEEEEEGS!!!! Yeah, it's weird, right?
You'd think we'd remember!
Tomo, what happened?? Did you get in a fight???
HMM Todd, what's the meaning of this?
Well who were you defending?? Atta' boy.
But if you're gonna fight for good causes, Todd.
Then you need to learn to fight.
Fellas, fellas... You BOTH have to drink the health goop.
Oh! I remember this game from when I was young!
Hello! My name is Oldie. I'm the oldest of the Live With Yourself Boys!
You might have been wondering, if Todd is constantly >>BECOMING<< Tomo... Then were does the >>OLD<< Tomo go? Well, it's my job to take care of that!
At the end of each and every day, I find Tomo. And I bash him over the head with my cane. Then I drag the body... ...Into the secret basement under the rug.
One time, a particularly curious Tomo actually discovered the basement. But you know what they say about curiousity.
And it's all so Todd can sleep peacefully at night, thinking that the machination of time are simple and free of waste.
>>THAT<< is where the old Tomos go. JUST KIDDING LMAO!!!!!
OH! I just remembered why I need that cane! Oh, this ol' thing?
Haha, it's nothing, things just get harder as you get older.
Maybe it already happened, even before your time! S-seriously, don't worry about it!
Great! I'll go make some tea.
Oh no oh no oh no Where could he have gone?? Oh, thank goodness.
There you are!
But I don't remember this being here... Boy, you never blink, huh!
Let's go sit outside. It's a wonderful day today!
Ah, how nice. Just a bit windy though. Let me run back to the house and get us a coat.
Good morning, Professor Fixit!
What's wrong, Todd?
I'm sure that MechoNeko is just reviewing yours extra hard because of how good it is!
Todd, are you sure? Uncle Lex's house is way on the other side of the city. And it's going to be dark soon.
I'm sure you'll get your application back TOMORROW!
Right, Tomo?? PLAY ALONG FOR ONCE.
A-alright, go see Lex. It sounds like you may finally be ready. Ready to make' The perfect hamburger.
'Where is that kid?
O-Okay, I guess you've had enough.
This was all a... social experiment!
Okay' let's not have a picnic.
But, it'll never work if we can't fatten him up. We can't risk it.
I've got issues you can't even imagine.
I always had you boys.
Tomo is leaning in from behind the panel, outside, flipping Oldie off.
You wouldn't believe me if I told ya.
Now for the best part of my plan.
Not much news these days, huh?
I think the power went out.
Good thing I've got my Handy Dandy brand flashlight!
No batteries in the miscellaneous drawer!
And I only need one for my Handy Dandy brand flashlight!
And you'll power my Handy Dandy brand flashlight after this?
What are you doing, Todd? W-Where are you going?!  What is it, Todd?
You boys trying to cheat the time loop? That's good, clean fun.
Well, we never did completely figure it out.
If a die is rolled in any of our timelines, the numbers are always different but the outcome is always the same.
Another one for the memories book!
Oldie pops in I carved my own path and lived a good life. I wouldn't have it any other way. Well, see ya!
WHY IS MY ROOM FILLED WITH BOXES OF TEETH?! Thank you very much, Mrs Fish.
We'll have your computer ready by Friday.
Oh, hah, yes... my mistake. We'll have this ready for you tomorrow.
THERE'S TOO MUCH WORK!
But we'll never cover costs if we don't take all the work we can!
Oh, she's mad alright! But she'll tire herself out soon.
I'm learning some new words!
WHAT IS GOING ON?! B-but aren't you two Time Cops?
Time Cops are trying to KILL me?! Can't someone else make the toast?? Hey, nice force field!
Drat! Burned it!
Alright, Babs! Let's make some cookies!
Oops! Almost forgot the butter!
I hope you boys are hungry! Because we ran out of eggs. These are gonna taste awful.
I love you, daddy.
Let's play sports together, Dad! Any sports is fine!
Babies are no good anyway. What you really want in a son is a kindly old man. Isn't that right, papa?
Wanna stay over tonight, Dad?? Or forever, whatever works.
Hello?? It's - it's been 60 years!
Thank you. The basement looks great! Perfect for our first game of Figments and Fantasies! And I will be the best Game Master of all time! Just like in my fantasies.
I wonder who it could be!
But Todd, we need three players!
Pass these character sheets around.
It's time for- Alright, everybody got their character sheets?
You try to enter the local hotel, but everything appears to be locked!
Because of your silly bickering, you fail to-
Fantasies and Fabrications is going to be so fun, Todd!
It's time for' You try to enter the local hotel, but the door is locked!
Fixryn, you notice that a herd of monstrous-looking sheep with sharp fangs has begun to form around you.
You're no expert, but it looks like there's only one bite hole.
The three of you find yourselves inside the castle of the terrible vampire Orion!
Hathildis enters to find that the terrible vampire Orion has captured Todol.
Just as Orion is about to reach Hathildis, Fixryn enters!
Having charmed the vampire Orion, you all sit down to tea.
Hathildis and Todol chase the corrupt mogul Mr.
Woolesby through the halls of the sweater emporium.
A sign indicates that he's leading you toward the Vampire Sheep Pit!
And so Orion the vampire was vindicated, the wicked Mr Woolesby was defeated, and the town of Woolsmouth was saved!
The group reconvene at the inn.
I finally finished my knife wall!
No! My knife wall is ruined!
Earthquake! Hide under a table!
Finally, my knife wall is complete!
Leave the boy alone. He's fine!
Who's using up all the bandwidth?
I thought I destroyed this photo! I warned you two!
The boy is fine.
You could change Babs easily because he was an impressionable little sponge. But Spike is his own person! You need to let him make his own mistakes. Plus anime rules.
O-Oh, that old thing? That's always been there.
If you say so.
Getting that debt is part of the hard timeline, Todd!
Sure, we can make small changes to the timeline' But that's the soft timeline. The important stuff happens every time. That's the hard timeline.
Some people call it that. Some destinies are dumb!
Well, if we pay off the minimum each month, we can pay the loan off in....800 years!
Then it'll be closer to' yep, eternity.
Oooooh, your fancy hoodie! No stains! No way!
You're like Romeo's sexy half-brother that Juliet leaves him for.
My version's better!
Don't you dare cancel this date.
Okay! Sophie! My darling!
I've waited all these years to see you again' All of the most amazing experiences you'll have are but a distant memory to me now.
I'd give anything to be in Todd's shoes again, even for a mome- I will always love you!
I hope you like eggs!
It's all I know how to make.
They still make me do it though!
What's going on in here?
Sorry, boys. Simple fact is, some things just take time.
Oh my, no. In 2034 they invent beard transplants.
Well, how would you like to be remembered?
Ho ho, how our priorities change as we age.
I'd like to be remembered for my pet portraits.
Just the people I made them for.
Sophie, barn cats, Mrs. Fish. Don't worry yourself with all that, Tomo. You just focus on living a good life.
No, no, no! This isn't right at all! My art isn't made for the masses!
All that matters to me are the lives I touched along the way.
Sophie, barn cats, Mrs. Fish' Which one is your favorite?
Tell them they don't need drinking water! We're sponsored by Pipsy anyway.
I'm a senator! Turns out lying is a great way to get whatever you want. Almost.
Oops, gotta run. I'm holding a press conference to tell my constituents I don't want them to die. I actually don't care if they die.
I see what's going on here. You boys are going through the stages of grief. Denial. Anger.
So this is why my void runs deeper than usual!
We can't just stay numb forever. Feeling the good times is more important than not feeling the bad ones.
Now, don't you boys have some stages of grief to get back to? Bargaining. Depression. Acceptance.
Sick, eh, boys? I know just the thing. Soup and orange juice!
Hattie's apartment is heavily guarded, but the guards have one weakness... Using my power to change the order of events' ...I simply put the real card in Hattie's hand before Todd shakes it.
A few more adjustments here and there' Perfect.
But, Todd! What did you do with the fake?
I see what's going on here. You're worried about Paradox Containment Theory! Don't worry about it so much. We all make paradoxes from time to time.
What's important is that we live responsibly and try to limit how many paradoxes we make.
Besides, Paradox Containment Theory is just what some dumb book says. Nobody actually knows what happens.
Snap out of it, Todd! Paradox Control Theory is just a theory, Todd. And a lousy one, at that.
In my time we believe in infinite records on infinite record players. Everybody is living every possibility!
Whatever it is, maybe it's not worth throwing everything away on a hunch.
That must have been 30 years ago now... I swore I'd never disc golf again.
Disc golf' I haven't heard those words smashed together in nearly 30 years.
Disc golf?! Why would you think that?
It got a lot more popular when they introduced style points.
But since I'm from the future, I know every style innovation from the next 60 years.
It's all in the wrist.
It got a lot more popular when they introduced style points.
This is the big time, Tomo!
We're here to entertain people.
And I'm gonna give em what they want.
Tomo, I can't do this!
That kid is the reason I lost in the pros 30 years ago!
I do know one move, but - it's dangerous.
Tomo, I can't do this! You don't understand! That kid is my worst rival! He's the reason I lost in the pros 30 years ago!
Yes, But this time I'm gonna do something about it.
If I can control fire, then' GIT GUD Petey!! It's so good to see you again, boy.
Nothing's ever been okay. Not  since the divorce.
The divorce was 40 years ago! But she won't just get over it. 
And she won't just get over it!
Gray hair, huh boys? Well, it happens to everyone eventually.
Definitely. It's even bigger than the one the boys and I made 60 years ago!
This one's all you, boys.
Pretty good? It's one of my favorite albums of all time!
Plus they write back!
I'm already drunk on wine!
There's only one way to solve this.
My flashlight only takes one battery! It'll last for days!
Tomo promised he'd have mercy on me soon.
I dunno'   Sir, I've done everything you've asked.
Please' may I have a battery to power my lowly Handy Dandy brand flashlight?
Did somebody say cake?
Wanna go push an old lady into the road?
I guess we just have different definitions of murder.
How many' monkeys do you have?
Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to check the cat for suspicious tattoos.