Fixit and Todd leave the room to discuss. Babs grabs the relic. The room goes weird, Sr is in silhouette. When Fixit and Todd re-enter the room, Sr is a kid. 
Todd and Babs arrive at MascotWorld. Walking, Todd carries Babs. A sign at the gated entrance reads MascotWorld - Closed forever due to overwhelming indifference 
Babs close, compassionate.
Babs holds up the CD from act II.
Todd is that kind of really happy that's just recovered from being sad (closeish).
Babs is happy, hearts cozzming out of him.
Back in the car, they're listening to the song and super happy. Maybe Todd is singing along.
Medium shot on Tomo walking. Cropped close/low enough that we can't see his face.
Behind Tomo, looking into the TV room. Todd is watching TV, also his back to the camera.Tomo has anime eyes, angry.
End on shot of Babs with Kawaii eyes
Todd asks Tomo and Oldie if they remember their parents
Beat on Todd, starting blankly as he calculates the math on that (so to speak).
Closeup on phone book.
Todd's hand takes it.
Todd flips through the book.
Todd on phone (oldschool landline for some reason)
Todd waits outside, looking at his watch. (Ep 103 - this sequence is basically identical to that)
A van rolls up, cardboard on the side that says P.F. Mystery's P.I. Services
Fixit gets out wearing a detective hat.
Todd stands staring at Fixit.
The cardboard sign falls off the van.
Fixit is putting the sign back up (or carrying it).
Todd and Fixit walk through a shadowy alley, noir.
They climb a ladder. Their meeting is on a rooftop.
The informant emerges from the shadows behind Todd.
Informant holds up an address book.
The Informant backs toward the edge of the building, shouting at Todd.
The Informant jumps off the roof as Todd shouts.
Todd runs over to the edge of the building, camera from slightly below.
View from Todd's angle, the Informant dashes across the street from a dumpster below the building.
Fixit holds up the address book.
Todd and Professor Fixit arrive outside an abandoned old house. It's a ranch style home, nothing fancy.
View from the inside, the door creaks open and the boys look through.
They look around.
Fixit wipes dust off a table. Long abandoned.
Fixit investigates nearby: Well, there's one way to know for sure.
Fixit pulls out a photo album that reads Memories
Todd holds the book, staring.
Todd walks toward the door, book in tow.
Todd turns.
Cut to: The boys all around a bonfire, roasting marshmallows. In the fire, the book is burning.
Todd is in the kitchen, looking at an empty ice cream container.
They all say Not it! At the same time.
The coin flips through the air.
Todd and Oldie lounge about. Todd is playing a video game and Oldie is reading a newspaper with a title that reads Good News Times. It's mostly blank.
Lights totally out, you can only see their eyeballs. BEWww sound effect.
Same shot.
Oldie holds up a flashlight that reads Handy Dandy
Closeup on hand clicking it into the On position. It doesn't turn on.
Oldie inspects the flashlight, still off. Wuh! No batteries?
Todd holds up a thing that looks like a gameboy or GBA.
Closeup on hand clicking it into the On position.
Oldie looking in a drawer of miscellaneous things.
Todd stands on a chair, checking the fire alarm.
Todd and Oldie sneakily stand outside Tomo's door.
Todd is opening a drawer in Tomo's room, speaking quietly. Oldie is looking scared in the direction of Tomo.
Tomo sits on a chair like a throne, surrounded by piles of batteries. He's got an eyepatch on and a battery powered spotlight lighting himself. He's holding a taser, which buzzes with life (push contrast, blue glow vs purple/desaturated dark). His chair is up on his desk with a little step-stool serving as steps up to the throne.
Closeup on Tomo, nefarious.
Tomo, even more nefarious.
Same scene as end of 16
Todd walks down some creepy stairs carrying a candle.
Todd walks along a creepy corridor.
A terrifying silhouette. Todd screams.
Todd holds the candle up to the silhouette. It's a mannequin/tooth monster.
Oldie is feeding Tomo grapes.
Todd marches in angrily.
Todd gets angry and approaches Tomo, Tomo buzzes his taser.
Tomo holds up a single battery.
Todd takes the battery, outraged.
Todd marches off, carrying the one battery. Oldie is sad.
Oldie wanders the candlelit halls carrying a silver platter with red wine, pizza, and a cookie.
Oldie hears noise coming from within a nearby doorway.
He looks through the doorway. Inside the room is Todd, working on something.
Todd holds up a cardboard sword. Maybe he's always wearing some makeshift armor/rebellion gear.
Oldie looks at the single battery sitting next to Todd.
Todd throws the sword. The sword bounces off the wall right next to Oldie's head. Oldie is terrified.
Closeup on bucket of batteries
Shot of Tomo and Oldie, Oldie in foreground.
Tomo draws his finger in a come hither motion.
Oldie feeds Tomo a piece of pizza.
Tomo, chewing, nefarious: Soon.
Tomo sits on his throne, kingly. He is tying his taser to a long stick.
The light Tomo is using goes out.
No response, as Tomo looks out into the dark.
Oldie and Todd emerge from the shadows, Todd has taken Oldie hostage.
Tomo is serious.
Tomo laughs maniacally.
Tomo stands defiantly.
Todd pushes Oldie out of the way.
Todd holds his sword up at Oldie, challenging him. Then I'm taking them myself.
Tomo, walking down from his throne.
Tomo buzzes on his taser, like a lightsaber.
Wide establishing shot.
Closeup on Todd holding his sword up. (Maybe even much closer than this)
Tomo closeup. (Maybe closer, definitely more nefarious)
Tomo strikes first.
Wide shot, the two clash swords.
Todd lunges overhead, Tomo blocks horizontally.
Tomo pushes Todd back.
Super closeup on Todd, determined.
Todd charges forward.
Todd has Tomo on the ropes.
Closeup on Tomo, still holding defense. A sly smile creeps across his face.
Tomo disarms Todd, his sword goes flying.
Tomo jabs his sword and hits Todd in the eye.
Todd falls to the ground, his eye smoking.
Tomo laughs over Todd's body.
Same shot as the end of 165, Tomo stands over Todd's body.
Same shot, Tomo is suddenly stabbed from behind with Todd's cardboard sword (between the arm and chest, fake style).
Oldie is holding the sword.
Tomo collapses on the ground next to Todd. Think Shakespearean.
Oldie begins to laugh maniacally.
Oldie grabs handfuls of batteries and shouts: NOW OLDIE CONTROLS THE BATTERIES!
He puts a battery in his flashlight, laughing all the while.
He switches the flashlight on, still laughing.
He stands over Todd and Tomo, still laughing, his flashlight on.
Same shot, the power comes back on. Oldie's laughter fades abruptly.
Same shot, Tomo gets up.
Todd is still laying perfectly still on the ground.
Oldie is close to Todd's face.
(Shot A) Todd sits happily with Tomo in an empty decorated room. It is clearly Todd's birthday. Tomo is bummed out.
(Shot A) The doorbell rings.
Todd opens the door. It is Professor Fixit, holding a present.
(Shot A) They sit quietly again. Todd's smile has gotten slightly smaller.
Fixit to Tomo.
Tomo to Fixit.
Fixit looks unsettled.
Todd, bummed out: Come on, guys. It's right on the invite.
Todd holds up the invite, which looks like a kid's birthday invite.
(Shot A) Everyone sits in silence again.
Oldie pops in.
Closeup on the cake, which looks terrible:
Todd lies on the couch at the therapist's office. Wide shot, establishing.
Todd fakes a giant smile. Tears well up in his eyes.
Todd is at a bar.
Bartender stares disapprovingly.
Todd shot. He is a little embarrassed.
Bartender hands Todd his drink.
(Shot A, pan left) Todd turns to the man to his left.
(Shot A, pan left)The man turns away.
(Shot A, pan right) Todd turns to his right and says Seen any good anime lately?
A voice from behind Todd surprises him. Todd's back as he turns/is surprised.
Reveal that the person speaking is Hattie. Todd is visibly nervous.
Hattie extends her hand out to Todd.
Todd happily shakes Hattie's hand.
(Shot A) Todd and Hattie sit in a bar together. A booth might be a good look here.
(Todd shot) Todd feels taken aback.
(Hattie shot) Hattie is now also taken aback.
(Shot A) They sit awkwardly.
(Todd shot) Todd awkwardly backpedals.
(Todd shot) Todd leans forward, elbows on the table. He holds up four fingers.
(Hattie shot) Hattie speaks with the enthusiasm of someone who has an easy answer.
(Todd shot) Todd takes this in, surprised by the answer.
(Hattie shot) Hattie is amused that this isn't the first thing that came to mind.
(Todd shot) Todd speaks excitedly, as if pleased to show off his cleverness.
(Shot A) They chat happily.
(Todd shot) Todd catches himself.
Hattie looks at Todd, perplexed and amused. He's an odd one for sure.
Hattie gets up. She smiles, pleased with this interaction.
(Shot B) Todd remains in his seat, smiling widely. He did it!
Hattie tosses Todd a wallet.
Todd looks at the wallet.
Todd shouts back.
Todd and Tomo are watching TV on the couch. Tomo has a slip of paper. Todd is writing the numbers down as they're announced.
Closeup on the TV. An audience member shouts, holding up a ticket.
Closeup on TV, shot of the stage.
(Tomo shot) Tomo looks at the slip.
Closeup on their hands, held up next to each other. Their hands show the different numbers.
Closeup on Jethro, Tomo off-screen.
Todd turned on the couch to talk to Oldie, who came in behind.
Oldie, innocently.
An illustration of what this means, Oldie is small and explaining.
Tomo and Oldie.
Todd, determined, stands up.
Cut to Todd at the convenience store. You can crop the clerk out and just show him talking to the stand area. Todd is holding a credit card.
Tomo enters behind him. He's a hobo with a bindle.
Tomo riding Buckley, his phone rings.
Closer on Tomo, he answers the phone.
(Shot A) Cut to Todd and Prof Fixit at work. Todd is on the phone and Fixit is leaned in.
Really close shot of Tomo, don't show the top of his head. His teeth are pointed.
(Shot A) Tomo laughs through the phone. Fixit is no longer in the shot.
Fixit sits back down at his desk.
Shot of Todd at desk.
Fixit laughs Ohh, Todd.
Fixit leans back in his chair. You were the worst.
Timebomb.exe is running, closeup of screen.
Pizza guy shows up at the house.(ep 128)
H-Hello? But he is outside on the porch.
Door slightly ajar
Menacing eyes. Hhhhhhhhhhello.
Closeup on pizza guy, terrified.
Far shot of house (classic), a scream. AARRRRRGHHHHHH!
The front top window of the LWYS house.
Pizza guy busts through the window:
Pizza guy falls on the ground, distance shot.
Pizza guy runs past Todd as he arrives home from work carrying his bag.
Tomo and Oldie are both looking at a photo of the guy running out the window. They are in the yard.
Tomo and Oldie both have horns. Oldie is notably more evil looking, almost vampirish.
Tomo putting a cat in a tree.
Fixit yells at Todd, who's working on a computer.
Todd holds his hand up to the window. Outside, Oldie has tied a woman up to the tracks and has a villain mustache.
Fixit rubs his fingers together (money motion).
Fixit shows Todd the exit door.
Oldie, by the tracks, his horns still intact as he laughs.
Oldie's horns disappear, as well as the lady's ropes.
The lady slaps Oldie.
Todd leaves solemnly.
Fixit watches, bewildered.
Fixit runs to the door.
Fixit shouts after Todd.
Shot of Babs (maybe no panel border) with a little halo over his head.
Todd arrives home. He is despondent.
Tomo hugs Todd.
Todd stares blankly.
Shot of pigs, wicked filthy and gross.
Todd in his lil button-up with sleeves rolled up
Todd falling, clocks, pigs, dirt, sponge, bubbles. A giant clock indicates time passing.
Tood appears in the doorway, he is covered in dirt and all beat up.
Same shot, he falls flat on his face like a ton of bricks.
Tomo lies on the ground or couch all stiff.
Todd sniffs the air, still lying on the ground.
Oldie is wicked jacked and has terrible stink lines.  Todd is reading the newspaper (maybe just a tablet, fuckit). He has reading glasses on.
Todd makes a disgusted face.
Shot of all three. Oldie is in a rocking chair and Tomo is carrying some tools (or maybe computers/parts/whatever).
Todd is frustrated and feels defeated.
The Fixit corporation tower, huge in the sky, its shadow overshadowing everything below. Exaggerate to make it look like a large part of the landscape. (See ep24)
Todd sighs and slumps back.
Todd, thinking deeply.
Todd springs up suddenly and excitedly.
Tomo, also excited, high fives Todd.
Shot of Tomo showing off the barn. The barn has a sign that says something like Todd's computer repair Slogan: We'll fix it good!
Todd and Oldie look on happily.
Wider shot as Oldie walks away.
Beat, same shot.
Oldie rushes out, terrified and screaming.
Fixit is on the phone and using his computer.
An ad for Todd's Repair Service is displayed on his screen. (Camera can be very close and just include a cursor or something to indicate what it is). Ad may have some copy like We'll fix it better than the rest! Call today, fixed tomorrow! Todd's Compu-Barn - JUST BETTER!  -
Fixit sighs. Closeup, he hangs up the phone.
Fixit sits angrily in his office.
Same shot of Fixit, but the background has changed to a bowling alley.
Fixit, to Todd. Todd is holding the ball up. Fixit is hiding his agitation.
Todd bowls the ball.
Fairly close, Fixit is visibly grinding his teeth.
Fixit storms off. Todd looks on.
Same shot. Todd shouts after him.
Fixit peeks btack in, still angrily.
Shot A. Todd and Tomo work diligently. Oldie talks to a customer. Babs sits next to him propped up in a chair wearing glasses like a lil smart nerd.
Shot of Mrs Fish / Oldie.
Shot A. Todd walks up. He's looking a little tired under the eyes.
Mrs Fish exits.
Shot A. Oldie sits quietly, still in customer service mode. Todd also stands smiling.
Oldie abruptly starts screaming.
Todd screams back.
Tomo is even more stressed and drinking coffee. He's just screaming.
Tomo is holding a keyboard and mouse
Tomo chucks the keyboard and mouse as his arms fly out.
Todd turns to Oldie
Oldie does some math on an old timey calculator with really long receipt tape, wearing a little accountant visor.
Tomo's eyes turn to Xs and he falls to the ground.
Oldie's eyes also turn to Xs.
Professor Fixit stands in an empty room, carrying a box.
Professor Fixit's sister is the one he's talking to.
Fixit looks like an ashamed puppy as he walks out.
Fixit carries his box toward a moving van as Todd's van pulls up.
Todd talks from his window.
Todd to Fixit.
Fixit looks at his sister. She looks on sternly.
Fixit turns to his sister again.
Margaret is shocked.
Fixit holds his hands up in display of the old Fixit building.
External shot of Todd's Compu-Barn at its new location (the old Fixit building)
Todd is looking fresh and taking care of business. 
Oldie on the phone, happily. Swear words come out of the receiver.
Oldie gives a thumbs up.
Todd returns the thumbs up.
Todd looks the other direction.
Shot of Tomo proudly standing next to a PC floating in the air.
Todd stands happily with his hands on his hips.
Fixit enters the frame next to Todd.
Closer on Fixit.
Fixit points out the window at Fixit Corporation looming giant in the distance.
Todd looks confident.
Todd hero pose, glimmer in his eye.
Todd is still doing the pose but the camera has pulled back to show Fixit, apathetic.
Shot of the timebomb.exe screen, but this time it says Removing Timebomb.exe...
Todd is cleaning up garbage down by the water at the edge of town.
Todd looks at a voice off-panel.
Reveal that it's Hattie. Todd/Hattie shot.
Hattie brags.
Todd brags back.
Hattie is impressed.
Todd shot. Todd is pleased.
Hattie smiles back flirtatiously. The background is blurred.
Hattie goes out of focus - in the background is Sophie (see episode 80).
Sophie turns and smiles at Todd. She is radiating like Hattie in ep
Todd shot. His eyes widen and his jaw drops. (ep 4)
He goes lightheaded (ep 4)
Todd is in the clouds.
Sophie smiles.
Hattie looks on with her arms crossed. Todd is talking to Sophie.
Todd talks to Sophie, who he's just met. He's posturing to seem cool.
Close on Todd
Sophie is put off.
Todd fumbles - he didn't expect this response. He shrinks as he says each new thing.
Sophie looks perplexed.
Todd is now very tiny.
Todd returns to Hattie, who's disgruntled.
Todd implores Hattie.
Hattie is mad and offended.
Todd backs off, realizing his mistake.
Hattie, arms crossed.
Todd shot.
Todd physically melts.
Hattie thinks. She appears angry.
Hattie scoops up Todd's melted body.
Todd, still melted and in Hattie's arms.
Hattie walks off carrying Todd.
Hattie and Todd approach Sophie. They are now in the parking lot. Sophie is about to get into her car.
Hattie and Sophie talk. Todd stands nervously behind Hattie.
Hattie pushes Todd forward. Todd is nervous.
Todd and Hattie exchange a look of appreciation for one another.
Sophie, her necklace now missing. No need to call attention to it.
Closeup on Sophie.
Hattie pulls Todd away by the hood.
Todd is being dragged by Hattie, side shot.
Todd looks back at Sophie longingly.
Same shot, but she's further away as Todd is being dragged.
Two-shot, Hattie and Todd. Hattie holds up Sophie's pendant.
Same shot, Hattie runs. Todd stands stunned, maybe with question marks hanging over his head.
Same shot. Todd runs after Hattie.
Hattie runs with the pendant.
Todd is slowing down, breathing heavily.
Hattie runs as Todd shouts behind.
Closer on Hattie looking back.
Closeup. A foot trips Hattie.
Todd sits on the ground, tired and defeated.
The pendant is tossed next to him. He notices.
He looks in the direction it was tossed from. It's Tomo, standing proudly.
Todd is excited.
Todd looks on the shore. She's nowhere to be seen.
Todd looks in the grass. Not here either.
Todd looks out by the parking lot. Gone.
Todd stands sadly. Tomo puts his hand on Todd's back.
Camera further back, they're now in silhouette against the setting sky.
Todd's hand pulls down a box from a shelf. The box is covered in stickers, including a Mechoneko sticker or two. Maybe it says something like Todd's Box.
Todd puts the pendant inside. Next to it, a picture of Todd as a baby - his parents are also in the shot.z
Oldie is about to put some toast in the toaster. He's holding the loaf of bread in his other arm.
The piece of bread he's holding is obliterated by a laser beam.
Oldie stands stunned, a red laser dot on his head.
A figure tackles Oldie to the ground just as another blast hits where Oldie was standing. It's E A nearby table flips.
Oldie is panicked on the ground.
E6 puts up a glowy defense perimeter around them.
5F runs by as E6 provides cover fire using a futuristic looking gun.
On the other side, a time cop. There are several. The leader is taking cover in a doorway as laser bullets whiz past.
5F returns with the toaster.
Oldie is panicked.
E6 holds up the toaster.
Shot of E6 and 5F.
Close on Oldie.
Shot of E6 and 5F.
Oldie watches as E6 and 5F make out.
Oldie thinks hard about it, squinty-eyed.
Establishing shot of the group behind the table. Lasers fly overhead.
5F messes with their time watch.
Oldie is pushed out from behind the table.
Tons of laser fire focused on the spot where Oldie stands.
The laser fire stops - Oldie is fine.
5F looks at their watch.
Oldie is scared as the force field evaporates around him.
He runs, the laser beams whizzing behind him.
Closeup, Oldie's hand plugs the toaster in.
Closeup, Oldie's hand presses the toast down.
(Time Cop shot) A time cop fires their rifle, front view. Laser beam coming toward camera.
The laser beam in the foreground is headed straight for Oldie.
Oldie winces as the laser beam evaporates, centimeters from his head.
Oldie looks up, the laser beam is gone.
(Time cop shot) The Time Cops evaporate. Their leader yells Cursesssssss! as he (and the text) fade away.
The Time Rebels are making out as they fade away. Maybe one is holding up a thumbs-up.
Wide shot, maybe overhead. Oldie stands in the midst of the completely destroyed and now otherwise empty room.
The toast pops up. It's burned.
Oldie picks up the burned toast.
Shot from outside, low to the ground in the grass. Oldie chucks the burned toast in the yard.
Same shot. The toast has landed in the grass near the camera.
Same shot, a butterfly lands on the grass.
Babs and Oldie are baking cookies together.
Closeup on Oldie.
Oldie buries his head in the fridge.
Babs looks at the eggs on the counter. (18ct)
Babs hand grabs an egg.
The egg spasms and warps, clocks appear around it.
The egg becomes a chicken.
Babs is delighted.
Todd and Tomo are in the living room. Tomo is chillin while Todd stacks a house of cards.
Closeup on Todd's hands about to put the last two cards on. He quivers slightly.
A chicken appears in the doorway.
Todd looks at the chicken, perplexed.
Chickens flood in behind the original chicken.
Todd and the cards are swept up in a sea of chickens.
The chickens all pass. The room is covered in feathers and Tomo is laughing.
Same shot.
Oldie enters carrying a tray of cookies.
Close on cookies, they look awful.
Shot of Therapist and Todd.
Todd gestures around his head.
The therapist laughs.
Todd seems okay.
Shot of the house. It's night time.
Todd is tucking Babs in. There's a knock on the door.
Same shot, Todd hears a knock.
Todd shouts vaguely into the house as he heads toward the door. It knocks again.
The door is open. Todd stands in shock.
In the doorway is Todd's dad, Robert. He's holding a tranq gun, kinda like Tomo usually uses.
Robert shoots.
Todd gets hit with a tranq dart.
He falls to the ground.
Tomo peeks around the corner of a different doorway.
He sees the scene in the doorway as Robert steps over Todd into the house.
Closeup on Tomo, scared.
Babs is sleeping. Robert looks on, adoringly.
Same shot. The -clk- of a gun cocking and Robert is stunned.
Tomo holds a tranq gun up.
Robert's got his hands up.
Robert roundhouse kicks the gun out of Tomo's hand.
Robert grabs the gun in the air.
Robert points the gun stylishly at Tomo.
Tomo winces.
Robert points at Babs dramatically, maybe a little anime/exaggerated with a big head.
Tomo, hesitantly.
Oldie enters holding up Todd's limp body, the dart still sticking out of his head.
Robert looks confused.
Tomo looks at his father like a son would.
Robert begins to tear up.
Tomo and Robert embrace.
Oldie also joins in the hug.
Close on Oldie, happily. Small text.
The four boys and Robert all sit around the kitchen table. Todd still has the dart in his head, passed out. Robert is holding Babs.
Oldie pulls out a baseball and glove.
Oldie is surrounded by sports stuff, pulling out more and more. He's looking a little desperate.
Tomo medium/close.
Sepia. Shot of Robert carrying Babs. Carol (his mom) seems nervous about it. They're both wearing science outfits.
Babs all wrapped up in bubble wrap and big goggles.
Carol, Robert, and Babs (foreground) look through a glass divider. Inside a clean room with scientists, XJ-4640 glows ominously (blue or green).
Closer on XJ-464 It's bugging out, like a bad video signal.
Putting XJ-4640 into a large, strange time machine. Think the chamber in HL
Both Babs and the particle begin to glow in tandem/parallel with each other. Robert notices it happening.
Both Babs and the particle start to float on opposite sides of the glass. Robert reaches for him.
The panel is white.
Robert wakes up in the same room. It's overgrown and the glass is broken, as well as the machinery.
Back to present day. Robert is mournful.
Back to the wider shot.
Robert thoughtfully.
Oldie, excitedly: All of us?
Robert, chuckling a little.
The four are still sitting in the kitchen (maybe redraw this from a different angle).
Babs starts to wake up, eyes half open (cute!).
Babs looks up.
Babs' perspective, maybe Babs in the foreground lower-left third, Robert looks at Babs. He smiles. Skew the perspective to make Robert seem way more scary.
Suddenly, Babs starts to cry.
Robert hands Babs to Tomo.
Tomo holds Babs, who is now smiling.
Tomo holds Babs up to Robert, who waves timidly.
Tomo is still holding Babs up. Babs cries again.
Tomo, concerned, looks at Babs. Babs is now fine.
Oldie handwaves it away.
Same shot as 189, panel 17, but Oldie's got stars in his eyes and Robert looks a little put off.
Same shot as 189 17 but Oldie's eyes are back to normal. He looks at Tomo, but his hands are still up by his face.
Oldie looks up at Robert again.
Close on Oldie. He talks under his breath.
Cut Oldie's sleeping in a race car bed while Robert sits on a futon, depressed, concerned.
Robert sneaks through the darkened house. High-relief shadows.
Robert reaches for the door handle.
Closeup on Robert. He is struggling with this decision. Tomo sits behind, shrouded in shadow.
Robert turns to face Tomo.
Tomo pleads.
Tomo cries.
Robert touches Tomo's face.
Robert exits.
Black panel.
Shot of Todd
Tomo pulls Todd's dart out.
Fuzzy/blurry, shot of Tomo from the perspective of Todd as he wakes up.
Funny Todd face as he's coming to.
Todd springs awake.
Tomo and Todd face each other.
Todd looking down toward his groin area, out of shot. Tomo is also in the shot.
Todd sits with Babs. He is on the phone. A graphic indicates hold music.
Closeup on Todd's squinty eyes. He thinks, Homer Simpson style.
Todd is excited! He hands Babs his phone.
Todd hands Babs the phone.
Babs pulls phone through time (kinda like dishes in ep 129)
Todd gets back on the phone excitedly.
The same hold music plays. Todd's face drops like Sokka.
Todd is filled with determination.
Cut to Oldie. He looks like he's dying and the hold music plays.
Same shot. Oldie's eyes get extremely wide.
Oldie looks empty, shocked. His life's purpose - this is it!
The phone -click-s off as Oldie dies.
Todd stands in the doorway, still on hold, looking shocked. Use the hold music graphic.
Todd ends the call.
Spa day with the boys graphic, similar to Ep 12
Todd running the bath, same silly look as 12
Tomo preparing a mask with honey.
Oldie pouring wine into a teapot.
Todd pours motor oil into the bath (5W-30).
Tomo relaxes with cucumber over his eyes and the honey mask on. Ants surround him.
Babs' giant hand massaging his tiny head.
Todd lighting the bath on fire, candles sit right next to it.
Tomo is being carried off by ants, still holding the honey, his mask not far behind.
Oldie is headbanging to what appears to be intense music.
Todd splashes a bucket of water onto the bath, which is fully on fire.
Tomo stands silly, like ep 9 He is now the ant king, instead of bee king. Maybe he's sitting next to the queen on her throne, and she is larger than he is.
Oldie pours the wine out of the teapot into the now smoking bath as Todd stands by pleased as punch.
Shot of all of them relaxing in the bathroom. It looks immaculate and relaxing, including soothing music. Tomo is still the Ant King. They all have cucumbers over their eyes, including Babs.
A tub of the bath water. It says Time boys bath water.
Graphic of Babs grabbing the skin on their faces.
Same 'shot' but they look fresh and new
Babs ages the tea
Babs rests in a bed of rose petals
Oldie and Todd stand proudly in a refurbished basement with a cool little table.
Oldie is starry-eyed, sailor moon-esque.
Todd listens up the stairs. Fixit speaks from off-panel, up the stairs.
Todd, to Oldie.
Fixit walks down the stairs, a second set of feet right behind him.
Todd stands annoyed and shocked.
Fixit introduces Hattie.
Fixit turns to Hattie. Hattie shrugs.
Todd stands up from the table as Fixit and Hattie sit down.
Oldie implores Todd.
Tomo is leaning in from behind the panel, outside, flipping Oldie off. Oldie pouts and sticks his tongue out at Tomo.
Todd and Hattie stare at each other, war-like.
Oldie passes sheets around the table.
Closeup on Hattie working the lock again. Todd looks/squints as one gets closer.
Hattie is picking the lock, sweating.
A sheep jumps at Todd.
Closeup on the lock. It goes -click- as Hattie gets it.
Hattie's arm grabs Todd by the scruff and pulls him off-panel as the sheep is mid-jump.
The door slams shut as the sheep hits it mid-air.
The gang looks around. Todd dusts himself off. It's an empty inn lobby, dark. Fixit seems fixated on something in the corner.
A panicked inn-keeper holds up a stake, eyes closed and clearly terrified.
The innkeeper points to a wanted poster of Orion on the wall.
Todd to innkeeper.
Fixit looks at the poster.
Fixit is embarrassed and in love.
Innkeeper hysterically.
The innkeeper shows a bite on his neck. It's just one hole. Oldie chimes in with a dice roll of
The Innkeeper holds up several sweaters.
Shot of Todd.
Todd, aside to Hattie. She sticks her tongue out at him.
Same shot of Todd.
Fixit's enthusiastic, melty and hearts and stuff.
Fixit looks at himself (in the mirror?).
Suddenly, a guard busts in. Everyone turns to look.
Two guards enter, at each side of the Head Guard. The head guard is kind of a dick.
The innkeeper gestures happily.
Fixit points angrily at the guard.
Fixit .
Cut to outside. A wagon has collected all of the vampire sheep.
Todd approaches one of the Control Guards.
Narration: You notice that there's only one bite hole.
You! You three look like great adventurers! He's wanted, you know!
Closeup on the poster
In the regular universe. Oldie holds up a drawing of the castle that he clearly made himself. Everyone else sits around the table.
In-game. Todd walks confidently.
Hattie is shouting, angry.
Three shot, Hattie and Todd argue while Fixit is in the middle, as in 19 There are paths to the left, right, forward, and back.
Same shot. Hattie walks left.
Same shot. Todd walks right.
Same shot. Fixit shrugs.
Same shot. Fixit walks forward.
Todd walks confidently through the halls.
Closeup, Todd's foot steps on a trap.
Todd falls down a hole in the floor.
Hattie wanders the halls.
She comes upon the kitchen. It looks nice! Maybe indicate that with some sparkles and stuff.
She checks inside the fridge. It's filled with vials of blood.
Fixit wanders the halls.
Fixit peeks in. It's a super nice bathroom, he's delighted.
Fixit pulls out a Fantasy Axe Body Spray out of the cabinet, he's concerned.
Hattie enters as Todd is hung upside down and inspected by Orion. Oldie narrates.
Todd is looking as Orion inspects him.
In-game, two Hattiees.
Closeup on Hattie winking.
Todd knowingly addresses the decoy.
Orion whips his head around menacingly toward the Hattie decoy. Exaggerate the shit out of it.
He charges forward, flying through the air.
Meanwhile, the real Hattie is untying Todd.
Closeup on Hattie.
Orion's hand swipes through the Hattie decoy.
Orion's head whips around and he sees Hattie untying Todd.
Closeup, Orion is mad.
Hattie is determined in untying Todd. Todd is panicked.
Orion is closing in on Hattie's neck, mouth wide and baring his teeth. Is there a way to show Fixit too? Oldie narrates.
Fixit stands firmly with a finger pointing in the air.
Orion stops and looks at Fixit. Orion is smitten.
Close, Fixit, haughty.
Orion takes Fixit's hand. Hattie and Todd look on in surprise.
Oldie addresses the group. He holds up a rough, Oldie-drawn picture of the panel that follows.
Hattie, Todd, Fixit, and Orion all sit down for tea.
Orion shows off his massive pet raven.
Hattie sips her tea.
Orion is angry.
Fixit talks Orion down.
Orion looks bummed out.
Todd pipes in.
Orion defends himself.
Hattie takes pause.
They stand up.
The group walk back toward town. Fixit and Orion lead the way at the front and Todd and Hattie take the back.
Hattie and Todd. Closeish.
Hattie closeup.
Todd: I'm sorry too. I want to trust you, but...
They share a glance of friendship.
The gang all enter the sweater emporium - Todd, Hattie, Fixit, and Orion. It is a nice lobby area, think Gucci store. Oldie narrates.
There is a person behind a desk and a door next to it leading inward.
Cut to inside the room.
Hattie kicks in the door.
Orion: You've been stealing the townspeople's blood and using it to pay me. But why?
Shot of the gang,
Shot of the Vampire Control Group entering (three of them).
Hattie and Todd shot.
The guards attack (cool shot, action!)
Guard with a large axe swings at Fixit. He ducks, his hat hangs in the air above.
Fixit uses mage hand to slam the guard into the wall.
Shot of Fixit and Orion doing cool moves as they defend against the guards.
Hattie and Todd chase after
They enter through some barn doors and find that they're over the vampire sheep pit.
They stand at the threshold of the barn door.
Closeup on Hattie.
Todd nods.
Todd draws his sword as Hattie jumps into the rafters.
Todd carefully navigates around big red bales of hay, sword drawn.
From behind a hay bale,
Hattie swings in on a rope. She kicks
As Todd and Hattie stand over the edge of the catwalk and look at each other.
Todd and Hattie high five awesomely.
End on Steven from episode 200, still sitting patiently in the sweater fitting room. Three defeated guards lie in various positions.
Closeup on his sword as it flies away. Todd reaches for it in vain.
Shot of the inside of the inn. Todd and Hattie sit at a table with drinks, while Orion and Fixit canoodle in the corner.
Orion bandages one of Fixits wounds.
Fixit is torn.
Orion laughs and waves it off.
Orion holds Fixit's face.
They kiss.
Cut to Hattie and Fixit, camera off Fixit and Orion. They share a toast.
Off-camera, Todd and Hattie look.
Fixit floats, showing off his new identity. He's also got vampire teeth.
Back to the real world.
Oldie blushes.
Fixit checks his phone.
Fixit and Hattie leave.
Todd addresses Oldie.
Oldie throws his dice and outfit in the trash.
Todd is on his phone, chilling on the couch. Babs is with him. Oldie listens to a book on tape.
Closeup on the phone. He's posting a picture to Shoutr, a social media app that looks suspiciously like Twitter. Maybe he's attaching a picture of a Panda looking dumb.
Tomo enters angrily. He looks exhausted. He is holding his phone, which keeps going ding, ding, ding with notification sounds.
Todd is immediately defensive.
Tomo shows Todd his phone, overrun with notifications. Replies say things like Wow what the hell and ignorant.
Tomo looks at his phone.
Tomo holds up his phone. An article headline reads In the era of PandaGate, maybe some ideas are worth censoring.
Tomo puts his hand on Todd's shoulder.
Todd walks off behind Tomo, chucking his phone behind him.
Closeup on the landed phone, camera pointed upward such that we can see Babs staring at it.
Babs takes the phone.
Babs presses the button on it.
From the next room we can see Tomo yell NOOOOOO! With loads of ding ding ding like in panel  Oldie is startled, Babs still holds the phone happily.
(Previously panel 7) List of new followers on the phone. All of them are variations on hating pandas.
Tomo's feet next to the bed.
Tomo sits blank-faced.
Todd and Tomo sit at the breakfast table.
A barn cat enters with a squirrel in its mouth.
Todd inspects the squirrel. The cat purrs and rubs against his leg.
The squirrel bounces awake. Todd is startled.
Tomo walks away stoically as Todd chases the flying squirrel with a broom.
Tomo walks into the room as Oldie shows Babs a picture book with a clown in it.
The clown is reflected in Babs eyes.
Tomo and Oldie both transform into clowns.
Todd is losing the fight with the squirrel.
Todd transforms into a clown.
The squirrel looks on in horror.
The squirrel runs away from Todd, down the hallway.
Tomo grabs the squirrel, maybe with a net.
Oldie sleeps with Babs.
Todd sleeps with the squirrel.
Tomo sleeps.
Tomo enters urgently. Oldie is doing something in the foreground. Todd is standing watching Oldie.
Oldie shows off the wall.
Medium on Tomo.
Same shot, the panel begins to vibrate.
Tomo tackles Oldie as the knives on the wall vibrate (as well as everything else).
Tomo covers Oldie as the knives pierce into the ground all around them.
Todd dances around confused as the room vibrates around him. We can see Tomo in the foreground on the ground.
Todd makes his way through the hallway.
Same shot, the earthquake stops.
The three dust themselves off.
The three look aghast.
Babs enters, awkwardly.
Todd and Tomo stand shocked.
Babs transforms three times, white border panels, small - long arms, long legs, big head. Awkward  and looks.
Todd and Tomo.
Shot of Teen in silhouette, transformed.
Shot of Teen. He is so nerdy.
Todd, Tomo, and Oldie look at Babs' new form. Make Spike the subject and the boys in the foreground however you can. Background not important, maybe white.
Upward toward Todd from ' behind Spike.
Spike strikes a hero pose that he thinks looks cool.
Tomo has his arms crossed.
Tomo does general hand waving in Spike's direction.
Spike is a little dejected.
Oldie is fired up.
Tomo keeps his judgemental gaze fixed on Spike.
Todd chimes in excitedly, thumb pointed at himself.
Tomo and Todd slide in from each side of Spike. He stands in the middle, confused.
Spike is apprehensive.
Todd elbow jabs Spike.
Spike melts a little bit like Todd and Oldie in episode 14
Spike is in an excited pose.
Clocks passing.
Todd and Tomo sit bored. Tomo looks at his watch.
Oldie pops his head in the door with a full elite gamer setup on.
He stays out past curfew
Set up that they are in a mall and shopping for clothes to make Spike look cool.
Spike points to a Hot Topic looking store called Pop Topic
Tomo is proud of himself.
Tomo holds up a picture of goth Oldie.
Oldie snatches the photo up.
Wide shot, Tomo yells back at Oldie defiantly. Oldie is stomping the torn photo on the ground. Minimal background, maybe a white panel.
External shot of an anime store called Big Anime. Spike has his face pressed against the window of the store. Inside is a Naruto t-shirt (or some generic anime face)
Spike's face from the inside of the window, pressed up against it.
Tomo turns Spike around, walking him away.
Tomo shows Spike a place called Hotboy that looks a lot like H&M.
They walk through Hotboy. Tomo browses clothes and Spike looks really nervous. It's dark and bright and LOUD.
Tomo shoves a pile of clothes into Spike's hands.
Spike in something like this:
Spike in something like this but maybe with a vest instead of a blazer:
Spike in a sweater that looks exactly like the others.
Oldie, Todd, and Spike.
Spike is in an orange hoodie like the end of ep 20
Todd walks a chalkboard into the shot from off-panel.
Spike is legitimately excited as he sits at a desk like you'd have in school.
Todd points his pointer at the chalkboard. On it is written 1) Don't care.
Spike raises his hand.
Todd points his pointer at the chalkboard. On it is written 2) Relax!
Todd swings his arm enthusiastically.
Todd points at the chalkboard. On it is written weeb with a circle and cross through it.
Spike is wicked sad.
Todd puts a hat on Spike's head that says #1 Sport on it.
Spike is visibly heated, maybe turning physically red.
Spike throws his hat on the ground.
Spike storms off.
Todd looks almost penitent.
Wide shot, the chalkboard reads teen rebellion.
Tomo and Todd. Tomo feeds the chickens.
Shot of Todd looking dumb. Tomo speaks off-panel.
Oldie chimes in from inside through a window.
Closeish on Oldie.
Oldie wears the t-shirt from Episode 20
Todd and Tomo enter Spike's room, Spike is bummed out.
Todd is sincere.
Spike is excited.
Todd puts his hand on Spike's shoulder. Or they hug, that might be more heartwarming.
They walk out, closing the door behind them.
Another earthquake.
Tomo opens the door back up. Instead of Spike
Todd picks up Babs joyfully.
Todd puts on his shoes and talks to Babs.
Tomo clutches his stomach and walks into the bathroom (maybe not, if the staging doesn't make sense). He's clearly miserable. Todd raises one finger in the air with determination.
Todd stands outside the daycare. Baby Steps Academy
Todd talks to Babs as they walk in the door.
Babs eyes sparkle.
Todd sets Babs down in the play area.
Todd gets really close to Babs
Todd walks out, sitting at a desk is a very inattentive teen on their phone.
Babs takes stock of the room.
A bully (Lucas) pushes another kid down.
Two kids give each other tattoos and smoke cigarettes.
A kid on a swing that isn't moving looking really bummed out.
Babs reaches his hand out.
He pushes the kid on the swing.
The kid spins around and around the swing is as high and tight as it goes.
A beat while the kid processes what just happened.
Kid is delighted!
Lucas takes notice of Babs as the other kids crowd around, loving him and his big arm.
Lucas inspects Babs' arm.
Same shot. Lucas shakes Babs' hand.
Lucas points to a cookie jar up on a shelf he can't reach. Maybe above the fridge?
Madison stares blankly at her phone, her face illuminated by the screen.
Babs easily grabs the jar.
He hands it to Lucas.
Lucas eats the cookies.
He continues to eat them while pushing back the other kids.
Lucas pushes one down to the ground - the same one from the swing in ep21
Babs is mad.
Babs' hand tries to take the cookies back.
Lucas approaches Babs, ready to hit him.
Babs hand grabs Lucas.
Babs dunks Lucas down the time spiral.
Lucas reappears as a 25 year old. He's still wearing the same clothes and they're super tiny now.
He sits stunned for a moment.
Cut to outside, Todd is super full looking as he walks toward the building.
Same shot, Todd is surprised as Lucas runs out the door screaming.
Todd wakes up in a super weird position, his bed all shaken up.
Todd enters the front room. There's a window there and a little table where Tomo and Oldie are eating breakfast.
Tomo points with his fork off-panel.
Shot of a piano that half exists. Use blue glowy lines on the parts where it segments in and out of time, much like MechoNeko in the MechoNeko finale.
Todd looks incredulous, trying to figure out what he's seeing.
Todd inspects the piano like one would a car.
Oldie looks vaguely suspicious and a little nervous.
Todd looks unconvinced.
Oldie shrugs.
Todd presses a key on the piano. It chimes a note.
Show the other half of the piano - this is the piano in the future. The piano chimes the same note.
40-year old Todd looks up from his newspaper.
He presses another key on the piano in response.
Back to present day. The note plays in response and Todd is terrified.
Todd presses a bunch of keys at once, making a bunch of discordant notes.
Cut back to the future. The notes play on that piano and 40 year old Todd laughs.
Sophie enters. Todd smiles.
External shot of the office.
Todd is in his office on his computer. He looks deeply concentrated.
Cut to behind, Fixit is leaning into the door. We can now clearly see that Todd was playing solitaire.
Todd looks like he just saw a ghost.
Fixit is casual and reassuring.
Todd stands up and leans over his desk.
Fixit stares mostly blank-faced at Todd while he pieces it together.
Fixit bursts out.
Todd shouts back, defensive and embarrassed.
Todd feels guilty, nervous. His sins have caught up with him.
The shadow of the debt collector falls over Todd and Fixit. They look on, terrified.
Shot of the debt collector. He's not that intimidating and he's wearing a fork on his head.
Todd is terrified.
Shot of the outside of the building. Todd's face is clearly on it.
Forkco approaches Todd intimidatingly.
Forcko polishes a shiny, sharp fork. Light glistens off of its edge.
Todd is at home. He's pacing and visibly nervous.
Tomo looks out the window.
Forkco is pouring himself coffee out of a thermos and frying an egg on their porch.
Todd looks cunning.
Todd stands in front of the same chalkboard from episode 20 It's got diagrams of pyramid schemes with circle crosses through em.
Shot of Babs staring blankly.
Todd and Tomo stare back.
Tomo looks out the window. Forkco is standing outside the window, staring in while eating his eggs (with a fork, of course).
Todd medium shot, concern.
Oldie enters.
Diagram showing Babs affecting Todd in various ways.
A big event in Todd's life, possibly him holding Sophie's pendant.
Oldie stands wisely.
Todd is annoyed by this development.
Oldie shrugs knowingly.
Oldie is using his ticker-tape old-timey calculator and wearing his accountant visor.
Closeish on Oldie.
Todd pleads while Oldie does some further calculations.
Tomo looks out the window. Forkco is hanging his laundry and has a whole campsite set up. He's in his undies.
Todd has a great idea.
They all look at the camera, striking a pose. Or maybe just Todd. Or maybe a title card. I dunno, maybe a really rad looking cover page like Shanti did for He-Man. Feel it out man.
Tomo approaches Todd.
Oldie looks at the camera.
Tomo points down with conviction.
Forkco has made an entire office outside. He is surrounded by pee bottles. Todd approaches.
Closeup on Todd, determined.
Cut to: Todd is taking in Mrs Fish's PC.
Todd shows off a large fork display on the counter.
Mrs Fish pulls out her wallet.
Forkco stands outside the door giving a thumbs up.
Todd gives a resentful thumbs up back.
Cut to outside, the shop is now called Todd's Compubarn ^ and Fork Outlet
Fixit takes cash from a customer and hands them a set of forks.
Fixit turns to Todd, who's fixing a computer.
Todd slightly turns toward Fixit.
Fixit is nonchalant. Todd is in the foreground, mad.
Fixit shugs. Todd is a little more aggressive and pointing at himself.
Todd rolls his eyes.
Todd sleeps.
Same shot. Todd jolts awake as an earthquake shakes the bed.
Todd's box falls off the shelf and crashes to the floor. The pendant falls out. Todd sits in bed terrified.
Same shot. The earthquake ends.
Todd picks up the pendant.
Todd, holding the pendant, turns as an MMMMMMMing begins.
Todd walks through the woods with the pendant. MMMing continues.
Todd approaches the Stone God in the woods.
Closeup on the crack that Stone God speaks through.
Todd puts his hand on his forehead.
Closeup on Stone God.
Todd holds the pendant.
Todd and Fixit walk by a bird half alive and half bones and a tree that exists both as a grown tree and as a shrub. Fixit rolls his eyes. Todd holds the pendant in his hand. I'm imagining a side view.
Todd and Fixit walk. Front view.
Closeup on Fixit, hatred.
Todd knocks on a front door.
A person answers the door.
Fixit is enthusiastic. Todd is unenthusiastic. He mimes holding up a pot and stirring it.
Fixit mimes pulling open a drawer.
Fixit is overacting. He looks shocked.
Todd mimes putting food in the trash.
Fixit holds his hands to his face, still overacting.
Person stands at the door. Todd and Fixit are still in their .
Same shot. The person slams the door shut.
Fixit turns to Todd angrily.
Closeup on Todd's hand knocking on another door.
Todd is really selling it as he happily mimes stirring a pot.
Shot of Todd reacting as he realizes. Sophie speaks from off-panel.
Shot of Sophie, who looks confused. Todd is shocked in the foreground.
Todd reacts on Sophie's doorstep.
Sophie laughs.
Todd nervously defends himself. Fixit smiles innocently, going along with it.
She looks at the van, which has Todd's face on it and the name of the company.
Fixit steps in front of the van, obstructing her view. He smiles innocently.
Sophie smiles.
Todd pulls the pendant out from around his neck.
She's shaking as she takes the pendant. She is filled with relief and joy.
Fixit looks at his watch impatiently. An old timey phone booth next to him is weirdly stuck in and out of time. He leans on the phone booth.
Sophie hugs Todd.
Same shot as panel 9, the phone booth disappears. Fixit falls over, surprised.
Todd is nervous but putting on a happy face.
Sophie looks a little disappointed.
Todd takes a breath for bravery.
Sophie starts to close the door.
Sophie smiles widely.
Todd beams.
Todd walks out into the living room, t-pose showing off his hoodie. Oldie and Tomo are there.
Oldie admires the hoodie as it sparkles.
Todd looks down at his hoodie.
Shot of Tomo.
Oldie shrugs.
Todd is all sweaty and nervous.
Oldie grabs Todd by the collar.
Tomo is reassuring.
Todd holds up his bluetooth.
Todd and Tomo.
Cut to Todd sitting on the bench outside of the cafe. It's fall. Todd responds to Tomo happily.
Show Tomo in his position outside. He is grumpy.
Tomo spots Sophie walking past. She has her dog, Petey.
Todd stands up and waves as Sophie approaches.
Show the Petey panel from Episode 8 Expand it some, so Tomo is now visible in the shot. He's got little hearts in his eyes. Retcon it a little, Sophie's mouth is closed.
Back to Todd and Sophie. Sophie looks creeped out.
Shot of Tomo, mad.
Sophie sits across from Todd in a coffee shop. She has tea. Don't show Todd in this panel.
Todd is wicked sweaty and his eyes are wide. He's got the Bluetooth in his ear and he's clearly very nervous.
Tomo is outside looking in. He speaks into his phone.
Todd is a little more confident.
Todd reacts to Tomo angrily, forgetting himself.
Sophie looks at Todd. She is very concerned.
Sophie gets up.
She walks away as Todd removes his Bluetooth.
A stressed-out barista walks past Sophie carrying a bin of dishes.
The waiter trips. Dishes begin to fall everywhere. Sophie reacts.
Closeup on Sophie as she summons her time powers. Her pendant glows.
Everything is in sepia. Time is paused. Maybe show some clocks with a paused sign in the middle. She looks curiously at the falling dishes.
She fixes the barista's feet.
She begins to put the dishes back on the tray.
She looks and notices Todd, who's watching her.
Todd is staring, very wide-eyed.
Closeup on Todd.
Sophie is suspicious. Time is still paused.
Todd is a little embarrassed.
Todd exclaims - this is a big deal!
Sophie is modest.
Todd is all excited. Sophie plays it cool.
Sophie is a little excited about this one.
Sophie (proudly).
Sophie blushes.
Babs -> Todd -> Tomo -> Oldie panel. Meta. Todd is speaking.
Sophie is intrigued. Todd is a little proud.
Sophie looks confused. Todd is slightly embarrassed.
Sophie looks very concerned.
She is slightly panicked. She didn't see this coming.
Todd is trying to defend himself. He's a little confused.
Sophie gets up from the table.
Todd is fully confused.
Sophie holds his face adoringly, like you would a child.
Sophie leaves. Todd is heartbroken.
Todd leaves the cafe, sullen and alone.
Todd walks by Tomo waiting outside, leaned against the wall.
Todd is mad as they both walk.
Tomo looks sly.
Todd grumbles, slouched as he walks.
Tomo holds up some forms. The top says Application for Time Passport - COPY
Todd is super excited as he grabs the paperwork from Tomo.
Cut to Tomo in a building like the DMV if it met the end of time from Chrono Trigger. A sign says Dept of Time Management. A yeti waits in line behind him. The clerk is kind of like the shades in Hades.
Closeup on Todd's hand knocking on Sophie's door.
Sophie answers.
Todd is sincere.
Todd holds up the passport papers.
Sophie looks at the papers, surprised. I'd love for her to be shushing Todd but I understand if that's too much happening at once.
Sophie kisses Todd.
Sophie pulls Todd into the house.
Cut to: the next morning. Todd lies in bed with Sophie, a giant smile plastered on his face.
Fixit gets into the van. He's holding a wad of cash.
Todd drives.
Fixit puts the cash into a briefcase.
Closeup on Fixit.
Closeup on Todd looking proud.
Cut to: Todd and Sophie are in PJs on her couch.
They sit down to watch. Sophie presses play on the remote.
Sophie uses her time powers and her eyes glow blue.
Sophie presses the remote again. They've finished.
Sophie: So, Todd' we've been seeing each other for a few weeks now'
Todd looks at Sophie adoringly.
Sophie feels awkward bringing it up.
Todd is defensive.
Todd is worried. Sophie is reassuring, putting her hand on his.
Wide shot, Sophie jokes.
Todd and the boys are in a huddle (loose).
Closeup on Todd, he is deadly serious.
Tomo walks away. Oldie is excited.
Cut to outside, Sophie knocks on the door.
Oldie answers the door.
Oldie drops to his knees. This is very melodramatic.
Oldie holds Sophie's hand in his own, probably a profile shot. He is crying, over the top.
Oldie kisses her hand.
Todd pushes Oldie out of the way goofily.
Todd escorts Sophie in. Oldie yells in behind, reaching toward her.
Todd and Sophie walk into Babs' room.
Todd introduces Babs to Sophie.
Babs blushes. His eyes fill with hearts - he falls in love.
Todd is overwhelmed by love. He stands dizzied and lovelorn.
Sophie notices.v
Todd is speechless.
Sophie laughs, her hands on her hips.
Todd stands between Tomo and Sophie.
Tomo jokes as they shake hands.
Sophie points to Todd. Todd stands nervously.
It suddenly occurs to Sophie.
Cut to Todd's face. He is not amused.
Sophie thinks.
Tomo laughs.
Sophie laughs.
Todd looks like a steampot about to boil over. Lots of vibration in this panel.
Todd loses it.
Shot of Tomo looking very sexy and experienced.
Todd storms off, leaving Sophie and Tomo alone.
Beat panel, same shot.
Tomo turns to Sophie. Same shot.
Todd is back in the room, on the ground begging.
Todd and Sophie sit on the porch together. Their legs hang over the edge. Todd is bummed out and Sophie is apologetic.
Closeup Sophie.
Todd laughs.
Todd is sad.
Sophie laughs.
She holds his hand.
Cut to inside, everyone is sitting around the table. Avoid showing Babs (visual gag soon). Oldie holds up a giant dish of eggs.
Closeup on the eggs. The color is odd and there's whole shells and stuff in there.
Todd makes excuses while Sophie looks at the eggs on her fork.
Oldie salts his eggs. There is a giant pile of salt on them.
Sophie eats the food happily.
Oldie beams.
Sophie looks to her left.
Shot of Babs smiling with horse blinders on.
Todd is about to shave.
He hesitates.
He smiles.
He approaches Tomo, whose back is to Todd.
Todd looks at Tomo. Tomo looks exactly the same as always.
Oldie's back is to the camera as he enters the room. The boys both look at him shocked.
Shot of Oldie. His beard is super long and beautiful.
Todd drinks am amber liquid.
Todd looks at his chest. It's still bare.
Todd looks at the drink. It's apple juice (maybe in a little kid-sized carton).
Todd chucks the apple juice.
Oldie puts his arms around the boys.
Oldie laughs.
Fixit welds something, large but mostly obscured by silhouette.
Fixit lifts his welding mask to watch the TV. A reporter talks plainly as a giant spiderdog breathes fire in the background behind him.
Closeup on the TV. Supernard enters the scene.
Fixit grumbles angrily as he turns off the TV.
Wide shot, Fixit rubs the hood of his creation.
Closeup on Fixit.
Fixit presses some buttons, now strapped into the mech.
A light on Richard's chest illuminates. Richard's text is robotic, different from Shenhand. Fixit yells excitedly from the inside.
Closer on Richard and Fixit as his diagnostics run. Fixit is ecstatic.
Closer on Richard as a component fails. His light turns red.
Fixit waves his hand.
Cut to: wide shot of Supernard dodging a fire blast from the Spiderdog.
Supernard punches the Spiderdog, spiking him downward into the ground.
A giant explosion.
Supernard lowers sunglasses over his eyes. A small crowd cheers around him. The Spiderdog lies dead in a crater.
Supernard looks off-panel and takes off his sunglasses.
Shot of Fixit in Richard towering over Supernard.
Fixit addresses the crowd of people. The Spiderdog lies dead in the background. Supernard stands surprised.
A person in the crowd raises their hand. Fixit answers happily. ' over Fixit shoulder.
' over Crowd Person's shoulder.
Fixit points forward and yells. Richard's light turns red.
Richard flies toward Supernard at high speed.
Supernard makes a giant shield appear in front of him.
Fixit laughs smugly.
The Richard passes straight through the shield. It really is an illusion!
Very wide shot. Richard grabs Supernard.
Same shot. Richard chucks Supernard far into the distance.
Fixit laughs maniacally.
The crowd all look at each other shrugging.
Fixit speaks to Richard.
Fixit is panicked.
Richard starts firing off randomly in all directions. Surrounding buildings take damage. The crowd flees in terror.
Lex Winsmore drives.
He glances into his rearview mirror. A cop car follows behind him.
Same shot. The cop's lights go on.
Lex speaks as the officer approaches the window.
Reveal that the cop is Sike. Lex is surprised.
Lex looks back at the cop car.
Same shot, the car turns into a bicycle.
Sike -poofs- out of her cop outfit.
Lex is annoyed.
Sike implores Lex.
Lex is resolute.
Closeup on Sike. She can't make eye contact.
Lex is shocked.
Cut to: Fixit/Richard causing chaos in the streets. Maybe Richard is grabbing a building with people still inside, and that's who's talking in these next few panels.
Closer on the mech. Fixit's hands press against the glass.
Two bystanders narrowly avoid the destruction.
MechoNeko hero pose as he enters the scene. Sike is with him.
Richard/Fixit and MechoNeko face each other.
MechoNeko pulls back his fist.
MechoNeko punches Richard hard.
Richard flies through the air backwards at super high speed.
Richard crash lands with a giant bang.
Black panel.
Fixit wakes up amidst the rubble. MechoNeko flies off in the distance.
Fixit inspects Richard.
Sike approaches Fixit.
Closer on Sike.
Wide shot on Sike. She has a wry smile, ready to do a move.
Same shot, similar pose to previous. POOF! It is Supernard.
Closeup on Supernard
Supernard flies off.
Fixit yells into the night, shaking his fist. We can see Supernard flying off in the distance.
Richard and MechoNeko face each other.
MechoNeko pulls back his fist.
MechoNeko punches Richard hard.
Richard flies through the air backwards at super high speed.
Richard crash lands with a giant bang.
Richard: Attack mo d e- Bewwww sfx
Todd springs up from bed, like Oldie in that one ep.
Todd and Sophie are walking in the fall leaves. The scene is lively, squirrels and birds and stuff.
Todd is cute.
Sophie is happy.
Sophie's eyes go blue and a pause symbol appears on the panel. She's paused time.
A bird is choking on a worm. It's got nasty little babies too.
A dead fish.
A frog staring with dead eyes.
The two of them observe the scene.
Sophie starts time again. Same shot as panel 4
Closeup on Todd. He is nonchalant. Maybe he is chucking his phone behind him.
Tomo sleeps.
Closeup on his phone. It rings.
He sits up in bed.
Professor Fixit talks into the phone on the other end.
Camera back to Tomo. Tomo is annoyed.
Professor Fixit is terrified.
Tomo decides to offer everyone refunds on their forks if they aren't completely satisfied.
The mob loves it! And they all return their forks.
Tomo shows up to Todd and Sophie's hang. They're bankrupt! He says it's Todd's fault because Todd didn't want to pause time. Todd tries to make an excuse - a rebranding of the truth, if you will.
That gives Tomo an idea! He asks Sophie to rewind time.
He goes back to the mob scene. He rebrands the sporks as fork  The crowd loves it, crisis averted.
A news reporter talks in front of the shop. There is a crowd of people outside. The screen has elements from a news report.
A person being interviewed, still on TV.
Another person. Still TV.
Another person. Still TV. This guy is shrugging.
Fixit is freaking out as he peeks through curtains at the crowd. Tomo paces.
They talk to each other, probably a profile shot.
Tomo thinks.
Tomo leaves the building and addresses the crowd.
Shot of the crowd. Multiple tails to the word balloon.
Closer on Tomo.
Same shot of the crowd. They're angry.
Same shot of Tomo.
Same shot of the crowd. Still angry.
Tomo is nervous.
The crowd is fine.
Todd and Sophie are lounging together, enjoying the day in the park. Todd has a butterfly on his finger and a flower in his hair. He lays down in Sophie's lap.
Closeup on Sophie. She seems to have a vendetta.
Tomo storms in angrily.
Closeup on Tomo, pointing at Todd.
Profile of Todd and Tomo going head to head. Todd reacts in defense.
Wide shot as Sophie chimes in.
Maybe over Tomo's shoulder looking at Todd.
Tomo holds up a finger.
Wide shot again.
Time rewinds all the panels leading up this copy/pasted in reverse with a rewind playback sign in a panel of their own. Show Sophie in her pose over the top of the panels.
Same shot as 23
Tomo is addressing the crowd, same shot as 23
Tomo holds up a spork.
Closeup on the spork.
The crowd cheers.
Sporks are flying off the shelves and the crowd are all handing money over to Tomo. Try to capture the chaos and fervor of this panel:
Todd lays back in bed, his shirt off. Sophie sits on the side of the bed with her back to the camera. She's wearing a bra.
Closeup on Todd, very sly.
Todd notices Sophie's necklace as she picks up her nightshirt.
Closeup on Todd, concerned. He wants to ask if she died.
Same shot, Todd realizes the conversation he accidentally backed into. He looks distressed and looks away.
Sophie looks uncomfortable, her nightshirt is now on.
Todd changes the subject eagerly.
Sophie is excited again. Closeup Sophie.
Sophie gets back into bed.
Todd inquires. Sophie taps her chest in the spot where her pendant is beneath her sweater.
Sophie foreground, Todd in focus.
Sophie laughs, embarrassed.
She is bummed out about this part.
Todd smiles.
Closeup on Todd. He's lying and he hates himself for it.
Closeup, the two in the same shot. Sophie is amorous but Todd is conflicted.
Shot of the outside of Todd's house, night time. Their light is the only one on.
Tomo approaches Oldie.
Oldie considers this.
Tomo shrugs, unsure.
Oldie laughs, a little patronizing.
Oldie pulls out a pet portrait. It's Sophie's dog. It's really awful and kind of creepy. The teeth are in prominent display and look human.
Oldie shows another pet portrait - maybe this one is hanging on the wall.  It's the barn cats. Same vibe - creepy, human teeth.
Oldie shows another, this one is the most terrifying/funny. It's Mrs. Fish's snake. It also has human teeth and weird little feet.
Tomo is reluctant.
Oldie is proud.
Tomo freaks out, but Oldie is understanding.
Tomo is obsessed. His eyes are all shadow, similar to:
Tomo walks up to a barista. He's carrying an art portfolio.
Tomo is enthusiastic.
The barista is pleased.
Tomo reaches into the portfolio.
Shot of barista's face. They are freaked out by the art, with an expression super similar to panel 1
Tomo and Oldie stand by the freeway, their car parked nearby.
Oldie opens his eyes joyfully.
A billboard with Oldie's pet portraits and a giant Oldie. It's got an overall very creepy vibe. The sign reads Remember me.
Oldie is shocked.
Tomo is all excited.
Closer on Tomo, feeling a little regretful for even mentioning it.
Oldie is mad, he pokes his cane up and down. I'm picturing a wide shot.
Closer on Oldie. He explains.
Closer as Oldie counts on his fingers. He's looking a little sadder.
Oldie looks a little bummed out.
Tomo is remorseful.
Tomo puts his arm around Oldie.
Oldie is excited again.
They walk back to the car. Tomo makes excuses.
Silhouette, distance. Make it poetic.
Wide shot. Todd, Fixit, and Hattie play poker in Hattie's apartment. Fixit flips a 10 of hearts on the table. Hattie has considerably more chips than the others.
Todd looks at his cards. They're 9 of spades and Q of hearts.
Hattie tosses in a chip.
Todd tosses in a chip. He resents the notion that Tomo is hotter than him.
Fixit folds his cards.
Fixit flips a card in the center. It's a Jack of hearts.
Back to the wide shot.
Closeup on Hattie. She's got her finger in the air.
Same shot, Hattie is frozen in place.
Wide shot. Everyone in the room is paused except Todd. He looks around.
A portal tears open over the middle of the table.
An interdimensional postal worker pops their head out.
They hand Todd a letter.
He opens it. It's a copy of his Time Passport Application with DENIED stamped over it.
The portal closes.
Time is unpaused. Hattie is a little disoriented.
Fixit flips another card. It's an ace of hearts.
Todd's doing a bit. Sophie laughs.
Todd and Sophie are in the car outside his house.
Close on Sophie, she's in the driver's seat.
Cut to Todd, very nervous and upset.
Sophie is all excited. She stretches under her eyes, making a funny face.
Todd doesn't want to lie. He resists.
Todd has become what he swore not to be.
Overhead shot, outside the boys' house. Sophie's car pulls away, Todd waves reluctantly.
Scene transition, close on Tomo. He holds his hands up like sunshine.
Tomo talks to Todd, who's upside-down on the couch, depressed.
Tomo hands Todd the counterfeit Time Passport. It looks like a child made it.
Todd is annoyed, more by the situation than anything.
Tomo shrugs.
Tomo taps his head. He's thought of everything.
Tomo puts his hand on Todd's shoulder.
Tomo reveals a manic-seeming plan plastered all over the walls with twine lines and scribbles. It looks insane.
Todd looks at Tomo's crazy wall from the end of ep 23 Tomo is mad.
Tomo is proud.
Todd inspects one of the scribblings more closely, holding his hand to his chin.
Oldie enters. His hair is sprayed back, he barks at a generic assistant taking notes.
Todd is shocked.
Oldie holds two revolvers in the air.
Todd is terrified in the foreground. Tomo looks miserable in the background.
Oldie winks.
Closeup as Oldie stops, thoughtful.
Oldie's assistant whispers in his ear.
Oldie looks at his watch with some urgency.
Oldie whispers as an aside.
Oldie walks away. Todd talks to Tomo.
Tomo falls to the ground, crying.
Todd sits down next to Tomo, still crying.
Closeup on Tomo crying.
Closeup on Todd, sitting at a table. It's a little stained.
Wide shot, they're sitting at a dinky table outside a hot dog stand.
Same shot as 1, Todd is sad to break the news.
Closeup on Sophie. She is shocked.
Todd is disgruntled.
Sophie is sad.
Todd crosses his arms and raises them to his chest, uncomfortable. He's thought about this.
Sophie is on the verge of tears. She hates this, but there's no other way.
The hot dog guy shows up with their hot dogs. It's very abrupt.
Sophie touches Todd's arm as he pushes his hot dog away.
Two-shot.
Closeup on their hands holding.
Closeup on Todd, desperate to hold on to this moment.
Sophie pauses time.
They hug. She whispers in his ear.
Wide shot, time stands still as they embrace.
Same shot.
Tomo slaps Todd abruptly.
Tomo fumes.
Oldie enters, carrying Babs.
Oldie points at Todd. Todd is a lil poopy.
Oldie points at Tomo. Tomo yells angrily.
Todd is very composed as he waves his hands in front of him.
Tomo shakes Todd by the collar.
Tomo yells.
Tomo gets an idea.
Todd walks in on Tomo slathering Babs with a translucent gel.
Tomo shrugs.
Todd pinches himself.
Tomo clicks on the tv.
The TV. Cindi Scandalsniffer is on screen, clearly a news station. Babs is placed in front of it.
Closeup as Babs stares at the screen, looking very numb.
Todd and Tomo both look super numb too.
Closeup on Babs' eyes - bored, unfeeling. The tv screen reflects in them.
Todd, Tomo, and Babs all sit on the couch, totally unfeeling expressions on their faces.
They both sit quietly, looking borderline miserable.
Tomo is a little inquisitive.
Todd is completely deadpan.
A wider shot.
Oldie enters, a little angry.
Oldie puts his arms around the boys.
Oldie turns off the tv, clicking the remote.
Oldie, happily with his hands on his hips.
Todd is all stressed out, thinking.
Oldie points at Todd.
Tomo is fully melted over the sofa.
Oldie points at Tomo.
Oldie stands quietly for a moment, thinking happily.
Oldie points at himself.
Todd, Fixit, and Babs cruise in the van.
Todd calls back to Babs. He smiles.
Shot of the van pulling up outside of the shop. We can see Fixit through the passenger's side window looking across the street.
Todd and Fixit look up at the building across the street. It's a Professor Fixit building but the sign reads: Professor Fixit Utensil World (and Computer Repair). Parked in front is a big, kitted out Professor Fixit van that looks almost like a monster.
Todd, Babs, and Fixit walk into the store. Jack welcomes them off-panel.
Jack leans forward on the counter. He's got a backwards hat.
Fixit is furious.
Two-shot in profile. Fixit is angry, Jack is relaxed.
Closeup on Jack, cocky.
Cut to: Fixit and Todd are walking back to the shop. Todd looks at a catalog he picked up.
Todd pleads with Professor.
Medium on Fixit.
Fixit isn't sad about this. He's more excitable about it.
Suddenly, a loud revving sound outside shakes the whole place.
Fixit and Todd rush to the window. Outside is Jack Fixit in his monster van. He yells from his truck.
Fixit's arms are crossed.
Fixit, Todd, and Babs stand outside Fixit HQ, towering into the sky.
A receptionist greets them as they enter.
Fixit flips her off as they walk by. Todd apologizes, timid but excited.
Fixit storms through the hall. His mom pops her head out the door of her office.
Fixit kisses her head, still determined on his face.
A velvet rope gate that reads VIP Only blocks the fancy elevator at the end of the hall.
Same shot, Fixit kicks the velvet rope.
Same shot, they enter the elevator.
Same shot, now at the 200th floor. It's gilded with all sorts of appropriated relics.
Todd and Babs marvel upward at the seemingly infinite walls.
Fixit marches forward angrily.
Closeup on Todd, thinking himself very clever. Babs eyes are just in frame.
They stand in a giant ornate doorway outside Fixit Sr's office.
Fixit takes a big breath in.
He kicks the door in.
Fixit Sr: Late, as always.
Extreme closeup on Fixit's eyes, angry but containing himself - for now.
Fixit, Todd, and Babs sit in ornate seats across from Fixit Sr. Note: Babs has a chair of his own. There are lush plants in the room.
Fixit Sr is mad.
Todd waves timidly.
Fixit Sr looks back at Fixit.
They start to get heated.
Fixit holds up a copy of Conspiracy Man magazine. He's posing on the front, enigmatic.
Fixit is sad now, introspective. Fixit Sr is cold.
Fixit is angry. He storms out.
Todd follows.
Babs and Fixit Sr are in the same room. It's awkward.
Babs looks around.
Babs spots an ornate relic that glows blue (XJ-13). A plaque beneath reads Sacred relic ----- Collector's edition
Babs grabs it.
Babs + the relic causes a reaction. Maybe something like this - just make it clear that the relic is a significant factor in whatever's happening.
Shot of Fixit Sr across from Babs. He's now a kid, maybe 7 or  The plants in the room have de-aged too.
Todd is out in the hall, Fixit paces.
Fixit storms in.
They see Fixit Sr as a kid (Dad).
Todd and Fixit look on, confused. Little question marks float above their heads.
Dad is afraid. He hides behind his chair.
Fixit is chuffed at the notion.
Dad starts to cry.
Fixit is suddenly much more tender.
Fixit is a little more excited now.
Dad wipes his face.
Fixit is deadly serious, pointing.
Fixit shares with his Dad.
Todd inspects the artifact.
Todd inspects the relic carefully.
Todd holds Babs as he speaks, shrugging, ready to leave.
Fixit looks up, hesitant. His dad now hangs on his every word.
Todd holds Babs, motioning toward the door.
Fixit gestures to his dad, still a kid.
Fixit is certain he makes a good point here, pointing to his head.
Todd is sad to break this news.
Fixit is desperate.
Todd puts his hand on Fixit's shoulder.
Fixit is bummed out, realizing that Todd is right.
Fixit hugs his dad.
Fixit scruffs his hair.
Todd, Babs walk away as Fixit takes one last look at his Dad. Kid dad waves.
Cutout view of the hall as Babs AOE follows them all walking away.
Fixit Sr is a kid in his chair. The AOE wall moves toward him.
Same shot. The AOE wall has passed Fixit Sr - he is back.
He gets a text.
It's from Professor.
Fixit Sr wipes a teardrop from his eye. He is proud.
Tomo lies in bed sick. He looks terrible, has a thermometer in his mouth, and raises a weak hand toward Todd. The shot -could- be on Todd peeking in from the hallway with Tomo's weak hand in the foreground.
Tomo holds up a glass of OJ.
Todd raises a defiant hand.
Todd changes mood suddenly, excited by his own pivot.
Tomo exclaims weakly.
Todd marches off determined. Tomo is angry, shaking his fist.
Todd is holding a can upside down above a bowl.
Same shot, the soup comes out with a splorsh. We see Tomo holding a large water gun in the shadows behind zTodd.
Tomo raises the gun. Todd is in the foreground, surprised.
Todd has his hands raised, his back turned to Tomo and the camera. He still has a can of soup.
Same shot. Tomo shoots. Orange juice comes out of the gun. Todd jumps out of the way as the OJ splatters the counter next to where he stood.
Todd scrambles out the back door, still holding a can of soup. Tomo tries to chase, but he's run out of breath. He reaches for Todd weakly.
Black panel. We are inside the barn looking toward the door.
Same shot but Todd is opening the doors. He's silhouetted against a white night sky.
Todd empties the can of soup into his watergun.
Same shot. It splortches in.
Tomo hunts for Todd outside, the house in the background. There is snow on the ground, and it's getting dark. Tomo is weak from his illness.
Tomo in foreground as he squints to see through the darkness that envelops the edge of the forest.
Tomo hears the sound of a branch breaking behind him. He whips around, leading with the gun.
Tomo looks. A soup can has landed behind him.
Upshot from Tomo's head. Behind him and above in a tree branch, we see Todd's wild eyes glowing and a big smile. Cheshire cat-esque.
Todd jumps down from the tree.
Tomo turns, just as it's too late.
Todd lands on Tomo. Tomo's gun falls by the wayside.
Todd rips off Tomo's mask.
Todd holds the leaf blower up.
Same shot. Todd shoots soup out of the leaf blower, his eyes wide with mania.
Tomo coughs and sputters on the soup.
Shot of Todd getting coughed on.
Tomo continues to cough.
Cut to: Todd and Tomo are sick in bed. Their beds are next to each other.
Oldie arrives, one hand behind his back.
Oldie holds up a tray carrying two glasses of OJ and two bowls of soup.
Closeup on the MechoNeko card in a case in a comic book shop.
Same shot, further out. Todd looks at the card.
Close-ish. A hand taps Todd's left shoulder, but the arm comes from his right. He looks to the left.
Shot of Hattie buying the card. Todd is mad.
Shot of Hattie walking away with the card, a salute goodbye to the off-screen cashier.
Shot of Todd and Hattie negotiating, probably in profile and maybe with the camera tilted down from above.
Shot of Hattie holding up the card.
Shot from outside the building, a bouncer turning someone away.
Shot of the safe inside her apartment. It reads Lockbaby 300
Todd looks professional, ready for a heist. Think Brad Pitt in Ocean's 11 (or anything).
Hero shot of Oldie.
Hero shot of Tomo.
Hero shot of Todd.
Hero shot of Babs
Closeup on Todd, serious.
Shot of them all listening to Oldie as he reveals the plan.
A guard stands watch outside the apartment building. Out of the corner of his eye, he notices Babs in a little basket. Todd hides around the corner.
Same shot. The guard approaches Babs.
Babs puts on a gas mask.
Babs' basket explodes in a puff of greenish gas.
The guard passes out.
Todd sneaks in.
Todd is at the door of apartment 30-B, fishing through a small bag of tools that looks like a thief's kit.
Todd pulls out a phillips-head screwdriver, looking clever. Maybe a hammer is funnier, and he can smash it in panel 1
Todd sits on the floor and unscrews the door handle with his lil tongue sticking out.
Shot of Tomo typing furiously at the keyboard. He speaks into his headset.
Todd is at the safe. He holds one hand to his headset while he types in the code with the other.
Todd opens the safe. The card is inside.
Todd has the card. He celebrates.
Hattie enters. Todd is in the foreground.
Hattie shakes Todd's hand.
Hattie holds up the real card in her right hand.
Todd is shocked, holding his one card up. Hattie holds her card up, her other hand on her hip.
Hattie crosses her arms confidently.
Tomo is shocked.
Oldie thinks connivingly.
Oldie among the meta panels previously shown.
Oldie moves the panels.
The events unfold again, differently now. (252-14)
Hattie holds up the real card. (252-17)
Hattie shakes Todd's hand. Todd takes the card. (252-16)
Todd has two cards now. (253-1)
Hattie realizes. (252-15)
(253-2)
Todd holds both cards up, wide stance, wall-eyed, and considering his next move.
Same shot, Todd runs like hell.
Closeup on the card. Same shot as 251-1 but with a home palette color background.
Todd displays the card proudly. He has a black eye.
Todd is smarmy-smart.
Todd steps to the side, revealing the second card.
Todd is eating breakfast.
The time mailman shows up outta nowhere. Todd is surprised and terrified.
Todd clutches his chest.
Time mailman shoots Todd a look of disgust, as if to say don't tell me how to do my job
Todd opens the box as the portal disappears.
Todd pulls an absolutely massive book out of the box. The cover reads Time Aptitude Test Study  (Maybe just show cover with over-shoulder Todd if this is too much)
Tomo casually reads a magazine.
Todd holds the book up at Tomo, aggressively pointing at a dense page filled with graphs and equations.
Over Todd's shoulder, cam on Tomo. Tomo is feeling smart.
Over Tomo's shoulder, cam on Todd. Todd is nervous and dejected.
Single on Tomo. Tomo acts as if his reputation is on the line.
A knock at the door. They both look in the direction of the sound.
Todd answers the door, surprised.
Shot of Sophie at the door, smiling timidly, the burden of their history in her mind. Sophie: Hi Todd.
Todd pukes below-panel.
Todd and Sophie sit awkwardly around a coffee table. They've got water and studying materials.
Shot of Sophie.
They both sit awkwardly.
Shot of Sophie as she realizes what she said. She's embarrassed and blushing.
Todd reaches for the book.
Todd points at the book, bewildered.
Sophie is excited to explain.
Sophie meta as she explains. She is pointing out a record in white space.
Meta shot of a record player, Sophie lifts the needle.
Closeup on a needle running over a record.
Meta shot again. The record gets swapped out for another.
The previous record twists and bends, cracking and breaking.
Todd is freaked out. Sophie shrugs it off. The camera is on Todd.
Todd is freaking out, camera closer on him. Sophie's dialog may be off-panel.
Todd points dramatically at Tomo, sipping a juice box.
Todd jangles some keys over Babs.
Shot of Oldie smiling and waving from a flying car outside the window. Todd is dumbfounded.
Todd and Sophie are sitting at the study table again. Todd is looking notably panicked.
Sophie is gracious with her joy.
Todd looks like this:
Same shot, same expression. Todd stands up.
Sophie watches as Todd walks out of the house.
Todd gets in his car. We can see Sophie watching from the window.
Closeup on Sophie, watching suspiciously.
Sophie gets into her car as he drives off.
Shot of her car following his on mountain roads.
Shot from inside of Sophie's car as she sees Todd stopped and walking toward the abandoned warehouse. There is tight security but it all seems to be disabled.
' overhead shot. Sophie enters the building behind him, sneakily.
Sophie approaches as Todd is typing at the lone computer. Camera is with Sophie.
Sophie looks around curiously.
Todd's back is still turned. Maybe same shot but more zoomed in, no Sophie in foreground.
Camera closer still. Todd looks over his shoulder.
Todd's hand hovers over the enter key.
Sophie shouts, hands outstretched.
Todd presses the button.
Todd presses the button, bracing for impact.
Nothing happens. Same shot, Todd glances with one eye.
Todd is shocked, the screen reads ERROR: TIMESPACE REACTOR COMMUNICATIONS OFFLINE.
Oldie, Tomo, and Babs all hide behind a nearby support beam. Tomo has the plug and Oldie is hushing the fourth wall. Todd and Sophie can be seen in the distance.
Todd plops down on the ground, broken. Sophie kneels down beside him.
Closeup on Sophie.
Todd is still pretty manic, but he's starting to feel depressed as reality sets in.
Sophie is doubting her convictions. She looks down as she confesses.
Maybe a beat panel here, just to be in the moment.
Outside shot. Oldie, Tomo, and Babs in the flying car. Todd's balloon points into the building.
Todd and Sophie are back to studying. It's been hours, they're both disheveled.
Close on Sophie.
Same shot, but now Sophie has bananas for eyes.
Back to the study shot, they both have bananas for eyes.
Sike looks out a plane window over the city. The pilot speaks over the intercom.
Sike hails a cab.
Sike arrives at the press conference. It's outdoors but with a curtain behind and cameras. On-stage are Lex, Sike2, and the Chief of Police. It's held outside of Lex's business, Winsmore Industries. It looks pretty decent.
Lex takes the mic.
Lex holds up a weapon that looks like a giant gun. It's got a clock on it and blue glowing tubes. Very sciencey!
A reporter raises their hand.
Shot of Sike She scans the crowd. Lex speaks off-screen.
Shot of the crowd. Sike stands out, staring at the camera. Her pocket-watch spins, partially beneath her cloak. This is where her hypnosis begins.
Same shot as  Sike2 is freaked out.
Sike2 sneaks off-stage in a wider shot. Lex is in the shot too - he doesn't seem to notice.
Sike from the crowd moves.
Sike from the crowd watches Sike2 enter the Winsmore Industries building.
Sike enters. It is a large manufacturing floor. Think vat of acid episode of Rick and Morty.
She sees Sike2 as a shadow at the end of the area.
She runs after Sike
She stops in an area with a circle on the ground.
Sike2 presses a button. The tube slams shut and Sike is trapped.
Sike is stuck in the tube. Her shadow self emerges from behind another tank.
Sike2 stands across from her menacingly.
Sike2 closeup.Z
Sike2 turns the handle.
The tank begins to fill with liquid. Sike's feet and lower legs are frozen in time.
Sike2 ready to snap her fingers.
Same pose, fingers snapped, now Supernard.
Sike smiles wryly.
Sike's tank is filling up fast. The chemicals near her head. Sike's hand is ready to snap.
Closeup on Sike's hand as she snaps her finger.
They reappear at the press conference, now both on stage. Sike2 is stunned and confused. Like this guy:
Closeup on Sike
Sike spins her pocket watch and smiles.
Sike announces to the crowd. Lex is shocked.
Sike2 stands defensive, like a cornered animal.
Sike2 tackles Sike.
The Sikes fight, spinning and shuffling. Think old cartoons with fight clouds.
Lex holds up the TS-481
Wide shot. The Sikes stand next to each other. Sike2 is on the left.
Closeup on Lex, clever.
A shot of both Sikes.
Lex laughs.
He shoots Sike
Sike2 is frozen in time. Sike watches, pleased.
Closeup on Sike.
Cut to MechoNeko in an aftershave commercial. He's shirtless in front of a shower. He looks sick.
Closeup on Lex.
Lex and Sike stand next to each other.
Same shot. Lex puts his hands on his hips.
Closeup on Lex.
Closeup on Sike. She smiles subtly.
She hugs Lex. Lex is unsure how to react.
Lex smiles and hugs back.
Oldie reluctantly accepts. Oldie's flashback. We meet his rival and we see the incident, in which his frisbee move sets fire to the entire stadium.
Cold open on a flier for the disc golf tournament. It specifically says don't call it frolf and mentions a $1000 reward. Tomo is slightly in frame in the foreground.
Shot of Tomo looking at the poster on the left of the panel. Oldie and Babs are on the right. Oldie looks off into the distance, dramatic.
Closeup of Oldie thinking.
Sepia tone. We're now in Oldie's flashback. Shot of Max, an older man with an extremely rad haircut. He readies his throw. It's the future, and disc golf has really taken off - it's a nationally recognized sport.
He sends the frisbee shooting through the air like a rocket.
It careens down toward the hole.
It stops mid-air.
It does a spin.
It floats gracefully into the basket.
Max glances backward at Middle-Aged Todd. Todd readies his disc.
Closeup as MA Todd looks down, concentrated.
He spins his whole body.
He throws the disc. It shoots off like a flame ball, flames trailing behind. Super direct.
It shoots through the hole.
It explodes in a flaming ball on the crowd stand.
Flames spread everywhere as MA Todd looks on in terror.
Closeup on MA Todd's eyes, flame reflected in them.
Back to Oldie. Recalling thoughtfully.
Tomo thinks while looking at the ad.
Oldie slaps his fist down on his other hand, happy and determined.
Oldie reluctantly accepts.
Really super wide shot, like they have at the openers of golf tournaments.
Inside the booth, Chip and Bubus. Bubus is red in the face and slams his fist on the table.
Oldie and Tomo wait for their turn. Tomo marvels while Oldie explains matter-of-factly.
A lady throws the disc with some amount of flair. It's a hole in one that's mildly impressive.
Chip and Bubus throw up signs: 7 and 2, respectively. Some clapping can be heard from the audience.
Closeup. Oldie looks sly and clever.
Oldie throws the disc, which spells his name in the air and lands in one shot.
It lands in the hole.
The crowd goes wild! Tomo is shocked.
The judges give it a 9 and
Oldie winks.
Montage. No panel borders. Oldie does a handstand while he throws. Scorecards show 10 and
View from the frisbee, which has spun around Oldie's competitor. Tomo raises a triumphant fist in the air.
Oldie throws the frisbee into a tree. The frisbee comes out the other side with a bird nest on top of it.
Judge's booth, Chip and Bubus.
Max stands with his arms crossed, looking up at Oldie. Oldie is panicked - he was not expecting to see his old rival today.
Chip and Bubus in the booth.
Oldie throws the disc nervously.
It juts around violently before cratering into the ground like a small bomb.
Chip and Bubus hold up scorecards: 3 and
Max crosses his arms defiantly. Oldie cowers.
Oldie and Tomo huddle. Tomo puts his hand on Oldie's back.
Tomo strategizes.
Closeup on Oldie.
Wide, Oldie is on the plate. Oldie breathes out.
He winds his arms around like before.
He shoots the frisbee off, fire in tow.
It lands in the basket.
A firework shoots up.
It explodes. The firework shows Oldie winking.
Oldie is ecstatic. It worked!
An ember falls from the sky.
It lands on the announcer's booth.
It explodes into fire. Oldie looks on in terror.
Fire reflected in Oldie's eyes, ala 26
Max steps up to the plate.
He throws. It's the same move he used in 26
Max looks at Oldie.
Oldie is nervous.
He throws the disc.
It juts around violently before cratering into the ground like a small bomb.
The judges give him a 0 and a
Oldie confides in Tomo.
Oldie throws.
It rules!
The crowd goes wild! The judges love it!
Oldie is so proud.
This is it. The final round.
Oldie gets cocky. He does the fire throw.
It sets the stadium ablaze.
Oldie looks on angrily as Max is 'encouraged' by his mother.
Oldie weeps, the fire raging before him. Tomo is flabbergasted by all of it.
Oldie looks at the fire extinguisher, trapped behind a wall of fire.
Oldie throws the frisbee.
It grabs the extinguisher and loops back toward Oldie.
Oldie's disc, carrying the extinguisher, gets hit by Max's frisbee.
Both discs and the extinguisher fall in the flames.
The extinguisher explodes in the background. Max is cocky, Oldie is angry.
Oldie considers his options.
Oldie approaches the lake.
He whips a new frisbee out toward the water.
The frisbee spins faster and faster around the lake.
Oldie raises his hands, communicating with the frisbee like a water bender.
The water begins whipping up water like a tornado.
Oldie whips his hands toward the announcer's box.
The tornado splashes the fire out.
The judges are now wet and their stand is all charred. They look angry and confused.
Suddenly, they are both delighted and hold up 10s.
A shot of the winner's stand, think mario kart. Oldie is receiving a giant $1000 check. Tomo cheers. Max kicks the ground.
Close on Chip as he angrily holds up a 0
Bubus Chip from off-panel.
Chip is shocked.
Two-shot, Bubus is holding up a 1 FIRWRKS IS GUD FR BSINSS
Chip begrudgingly holds up a 1
A shot of the winner's stand, think mario kart. Oldie is receiving a giant $1000 check. Tomo cheers.
Now that's a master of both worlds!
Now that's a master of both worlds!
Tomo leads Todd into the living room.
Oldie and Babs are playing a video game. It's wicked violent.
Todd is wicked excited.
Todd is super bummed out, pointing out his pile of work.
Tomo is hesitant to even say anything.
Tomo peeks in the room where Oldie plays the game with Babs. Oldie looks absolutely bonkers competitive and yells. He's got a gamer headset on.
Tomo walks away, disappointed. Todd points at his book.
Todd tries to concentrate on his work.
Todd looks in at the Gamestation.
Closer shot of the Gamestation. It starts speaking to him.
Todd is faithful to his duties.
Same shot as 1
Todd looks convinced. He strongly considers this.
Todd is suspicious.
Todd reacts strongly, pointing and yelling at the Gamestation.
Satan emerges from behind the Gamestation. He snaps his finger, good-naturedly defeated.
Todd works in front of a clock, which reads that it's 11:3 He looks exhausted.
Todd collapses face down on the book with his fists in the air, victorious.
Todd walks into the living room, where Tomo plays Gamestation.
Medium/close on Todd.
Same shot. Todd completely blanks out.
Tomo on the couch.
Same shot as
Two-shot of them on the couch. Todd claps his hands together as he sits down.
Same shot, Todd has picked up a controller. He yawns comically wide.
Shot of the game.It's giant muscle men, but they've got tiny little heads that look like Todd and Tomo.
Tomo's guy punches Todd's in the face hilariously.
Tomo on the couch.
Another shot of the game. Todd's guy stands perfectly still while Tomo's is jumping all over the place.
Tomo on the couch. Off-panel, Todd snores.
Todd is fast asleep, head back on the couch.
Todd talks, still 80% asleep.
Tomo looks directly into the camera and makes a funny kermit face.
Fixit sits smiling in a folding chair overlooking a field on a small hill. He's got a big, professional camera. The radio chatters next to him.
Same shot, a person wanders in front of him. He looks like a tourist and is wearing a shirt with a screen-printed Z. Fixit looks confused.
Same shot, a whole bunch more enter. They look like they're part of a flock or tour bus. Fixit is angry and turns off the radio.
Fixit approaches one of the followers. There's a certain desperation in his demeanor.
Over Fixit's Shoulder on Z Follower.
Over Z F's shoulder. Fixit takes a strange pride in his line.
Z Follower beckons to his friends.
Fixit defends himself in a profile two-shot.
The follower stands with a fist on their hip, showing off the group.
Fixit looks angrily and skeptically.
Fixit walks to the edge of the field to cool off. He's typing on his phone.
Closeup on Fixit's phone. He's prepared a forum post where the username reads Z and is about to click send.
One of the crowd's phone dings.
They look at it and point toward their car (off-screen).
They file out like sheep following the guy with the phone.
Fixit smiles and dusts off his hands.
Fixit sits in his chair comfortably.
He reacts to something in the distance, grabbing his camera.
He looks at the polaroid.
The radio pipes up.
Same shot as 1, Fixit runs off-screen.
Fixit runs in the distance.
Fixit shows up outside a crowd of people huddled around a picture.
Fixit shows up outside a crowd of people huddled around a picture.
Z F holds up the photo.
Closeup on the photo. It looks like a lit up hamburger sign surrounded by mostly black. It's blurry.
Fixit looks at the photo.
Z F crosses arms defiantly.
Sign in the foreground, it looks like a giant hamburger which reads Nasty Burger. They are all in silhouette in the background on a cliff edge.
Fixit is filled with righteous indignation.
The crowd boos him. They throw crumpled up papers at him.
Fixit walks away, frustrated.
Fixit is back at his chair from panel  He's disgruntled. The radio plays.
Fixit turns the radio off.
Same shot as panel  Fixit smiles as he enjoys the evening.
Todd and Sophie meet out front of a small, derelict building.
Todd bargains, refusing the call. Sophie waves her hand at it.
Sophie opens the door of the building.
They walk into the dark. Sophie's pendant glows.
The floor starts illuminating in front of them, falling into place as they walk. The darkness becomes void space. Sophie's pendant continues to glow.
They pass through another door, white as if a gate to heaven.
An impressive futuristic city skyline in the distance. The sky is void space.
They look at an immense staircase.
Sophie is in the elevator.
Todd starts scaling the stairs grumpily as the elevator door closes.
Todd scales the stairs. He is sweating and exhausted.
He scales the stairs. He is starting to fully melt.
He crawls up the last step. Sophie waits leaned against a wall or post. He huffs and puffs.
Todd lies flat on his stomach, legs draped into the top steps. He holds up a thumbs-up.
Todd lies there as Sophie walks off.
Same shot, she is off-screen.
Same shot, she leans into frame.
They are inside the outer wall to the top tier of the city, where most of the bureaucratic stuff related to passports and immigration happen.
Sophie does that thing with her hand in her hair. She whispers.
Todd enters the room. Doors slide open for him.
Closeup on Todd as he scans the room.
He sees the proctor, dressed in a uniform similar to the Time Cops.
He sees a person taking the test, chewing gum loudly.
He sees another person taking the test. They are a giant weird monster dripping drops of purple liquid into a puddle on the ground.
He takes a seat.
He starts working.
Closeup on the gum chewing.
Closer on Todd testing, now sweating and distracted.
Closeup on the dripping.
Even closer on Todd, now fully sweaty and distracted
Chewing person taking the test.
Same shot, Todd appears in frame.
Same shot, Todd takes the gum.
Dripping person takes the test.
Same shot, Todd appears in frame with gum.
Same shot, Todd stuffs the gum in the dripping hole.
Todd takes the test peacefully.
Todd looks at his exam.
Todd hands his exam to the proctor.
The proctor stuffs the exam into the grade-o-matic (or something like that)
The little ticker spins super fast.
Todd looks at it nervously.
The ticker stops at PASS.
Proctor hands Todd some forms. The graderator shoots confetti.
Shot from outside the building. A group of pigeons loiters outside in the nearby street.
Same shot. Todd is outside standing with arms victorious in the air. The birds all fly away.
Todd walks up to the elevator/stairs area.
Camera is centered on Todd, looking at his choice - elevator or stairs. The elevator says Time Passports only
Todd struts into the elevator. A sign reads Warning: Time Passports onlyZ
Todd is in the elevator.
Same shot, everything is red. Todd is freaked out.
Same shot, everything is red. Todd jumps down on the ground.
Same shot.
Closeup-ish on Todd sweating and panicked, still not moving and on the ground.
Sophie sits in Sargeant Clockhand's office, her commanding officer. Clockhand stands as she chews Sophie a new one. Sophie sits at a chair across from her desk (think Brooklyn 99, Holt's office).
Sophie isn't great at lying.
Clockhand pauses.
Clockhand looks disgusted as a thought occurs to her.
Sophie blushes. This caught her off guard.
Clockhand turns her back, arms behind. She is stern.
Clockhand turns tender, motherly.
Sophie is truly penitent.
Clockhand sits. Her decision has been made.
Clockhand puts her fingers up in front of her face.
Sophie stands, yelling.
Sophie is shattered.
Clockhand stands back up. She sets her gun on the desk.
Clockhand walks toward the door.
Close on Clockhand, she turns her head.
Todd is in Time Jail. He shouts at the void. Maybe there's bars all around him, very geometrically weird.
A portal opens up. Sophie passes through.
Sophie is genuinely angry.
Todd gets a little defensive here. Sophie is furious.
One-shot of Sophie.
Todd's now a bit more timid. Sophie yells comically.
Sophie sets the portal gun she's holding.
One-shot of Todd. Close.
She holds up the portal gun.
She shoots a portal behind Todd.
She kicks Todd into the portal.
Todd falls away, through a wormhole type thing.
Shot of Sophie looking through the portal mournfully.
The scene outside the building where they started.
Same shot. The portal opens up and Todd falls through violently.
He lies on the ground, shell-shocked. Petey is in frame.
Same shot. Petey starts licking his face.
Black and white (or whatever colors dogs see - yellow and blue?). Petey's dream. He snuggles with Sophie on the couch while she rubs his ears.
Close on Petey in a makeshift bed (cardboard box and towel).
Same shot, he awakens abruptly. Loud talking off-panel.
Context shot. Petey looks on as Todd and Tomo argue in the kitchen.
Petey walks out the doggy door.
Petey walks toward the barn.
Petey enters the barn. Chickens strut around stupidly.
Buckley is uplit and terrifying.
Barn cats stare from a ceiling beam and hiss.
Petey runs.
Petey enters Babs' room, we see him from the front.
Babs looks at Petey. Petey feels safe.
Closeup. Babs eyes get very wide.
His arm outstretches above Petey, terrifyingly.
Petey runs.
Petey enters another room, we see him from the front.
Oldie sits on his bed. He's delighted.
Medium/close. Oldie picks Petey up, hugging him. Petey's tail wags
Petey licks Oldie's face, Oldie laughs.
Title card: Building a dog house with the boys
Todd has tools strapped all over his body. He carries toolboxes in both hands and a wrench in his mouth.
Tomo digs a regular old hole.
Oldie looks befuddled at an upside-down instruction manual. It says D'g Haus, IKEA style.
Babs spins Petey around in the air, parallel to Babs riding Petey later.
Todd jackhammers bags of raw concrete, dust everywhere.
A spirit emerges from the hole Tomo is digging.
Oldie hammers things together in a completely nonsensical way (optical illusion).
Todd is knee-deep in wet concrete, the hose flying everywhere.
Tomo helps the ghost with his screenplay.
Petey runs full-speed in a circle with Babs on his back.
Todd has a giant block of cement for feet as he's lifted on a stretcher by two paramedics who struggle to lift him.
Tomo cries as he waves goodbye to the fading ghost.
Oldie chucks an entire can of paint at his monstrous dog house.
The dog house looks beautiful and sparkles. It looks like a mansion and has a red velour interior.
They all walk toward the door.
Outside of the dog house, all of their legs sticking out - they're sleeping in there. It's raining outside.
Todd talks to Tomo.
Todd puts his hands on his hips. Decision made mode.
Panel of Todd and Tomo holding up their phones. One says Dating and the other says Apps Maybe throw some clocks in there for composition and to suggest that time is passing.
They both stare at their phones quietly, nothing is happening.
Shot of their bio. It's hilariously bad, with lines like Fork salesman. The picture is dorky. Recently heartbroken and looking for love. An absolute time crime
Tomo taps away at his phone.
Shot of the bio again. It's changed. Includes the phrase Boner genius. Bio pic has Tomo posing shirtless with a rose in his teeth. Been there, done that. Bad boy
Same shot of them staring at their phones. Both their phones start blowing up and they are delighted.
Date montage. Todd is on a date with a girl. They ride horses. She screams. HORSES!
Shot of the boys. They all look like cowboys with saddle legs. They shake their heads no.
Date montage. Todd is out with a goth girl.
Shot of the boys. They're all goth now. They shake their heads no.
Todd is out with Rachael.
Todd enters the house enthusiastically.
Todd and Tomo jump around excitedly
Oldie's door is cracked. We see him in silhouette. He grumbles.
Tomo shuts the door suspiciously.
Todd pushes past Tomo.
Todd grapples with this new information. Oldie is bitter.
Todd walks out into the hallway, Tomo follows.
Todd is cold. Tomo is cocky.
Oldie pops into frame.
Todd puts his hand on Tomo's shoulder.
Tomo sits on the floor.
Todd sits next to him in silence.
Cut to Todd breaking up with Rachael, medium shot at an outdoor restaurant.
Closeup on Todd, optimistic.
Same shot, Todd gets splashed with water.
Rachael storms off angrily, medium shot.
Todd calls toward her. She turns hopefully.
Todd is oblivious, pointing to his finger.
Shot of Todd, she's thrown the ring at him. It bounces off his head.
It falls into a nearby storm drain.
Shot of Todd from inside the storm drain looking in, the ring in the foreground getting swept away by gross running water.
Shot of Todd looking at the storm drain from behind, a clown appears behind the grate and Todd is super startled.
Todd walks off hastily.
The shower, we see Tomo's silhouette.
Tomo leaves the shower, wrapped in a towel.
Tomo wipes the steam off the mirror.
Tomo looks in utter shock.
Todd is cutting carrots.
Shot of Tomo pointing at his gray hair.
Todd waves his lil hands panicked.
Oldie enters.
Todd looks wicked stressed out and Tomo is all in his face, pointing and intense.
Todd walks out the house.
Todd walks down the street.
A van pulls up wicked abruptly and the sliding door opens.
The van skids out in front of Todd.
Same shot. Tomo in a ski mask pushes Todd into the van. Todd is screaming.
Back of the van, Todd and Tomo but Tomo's mask is still on. Todd is still screaming.
Tomo takes his mask off.
Todd is kinda bummed out.
Todd is getting a massage by a beautiful woman.
Tomo looks at his hair in a little hand mirror.
Tomo gets all up in Todd's face. Todd is still getting the massage.
Shot of Todd's face in the massage ring. Tomo is off-panel.
Tomo talks to the massage person.
The lady calls off-screen.
The giant attendant comes out. Todd sits up, looking on nervously.
Todd struggles as the attendant carries him off into another room.
Tomo reads a magazine casually. We can hear crashing and screams from the room Todd was brought into.
Some time later, Todd comes out. He's all broken and bruised and has long, fabulous fingernails.
Tomo looks at his hair in the mirror.
Todd and Tomo in a grocery store checkout line with gallons and gallons of actual bleach (not hair bleach).
A shot of a rundown apartment building in the bad part of Time City called Luxury Estates with a fluorescent sign. Maybe a title card reads Time City.
Same shot. An alarm sounds across the whole city.
Same shot. Workers pour out of buildings like ants. Sophie is one of them.
Closer on Sophie as she walks in the crowd. A propaganda poster in the background reads Without order, chaos.
Sophie notices three cops arresting a time rebel.
A cop notices her watching.
Same shot. The cop puts his hand on his gun, staring back at Sophie.
Sophie walks away quickly, unnerved.
Wide shot of the Time Management building as Sophie arrives at work. In contrast to her part of town, this building is immaculate and shiny.
Sophie walks out of an elevator. A group of three people talk nearby (maybe in the foreground).
The group stops talking and all stare at Sophie as she walks by.
Sophie sits down at her desk outside the Captain's office.
Sophie starts shuffling papers around and overhears from the office. We don't see who's speaking.
Closer on Sophie's face. She's startled by what she's heard.
The Captain and E6 walk out of the office.
I'll buy you a coffee.
Sophie looks at the Captain's office. She's really thinking about it.
Sophie gets back to work.
Sophie looks at the Captain's office.
Sophie enters the office.
Sophie shuffles through papers on the Captain's desk.
Same shot. Someone shouts from off-panel. Sophie looks like a deer in headlights.
Shot of Linson front and center as Sophie looks on. She bluffs.
Maybe a nice profile shot here to keep it fresh.
Linson is chuffed, a real office worker.
Linson walks off. Sophie breathes a sigh of relief.
Sophie finds the file.
Closeup on the file. It has a picture of Todd and reads Todd - Status: Eliminated.
Try to minimize or not show these details yet.
Closeup on Sophie as she holds back tears.
Closeup on the date and episode number.
Closeup on Sophie's face, suspicious.
E6 walks with a coffee, pleased with theirself.
Sophie pulls them around a corner cartoonishly. We don't even know it's Sophie at this point.
Sophie gets right up in their face. E6 is deeply flustered and blushing.
Sophie's still grillin.
Sophie makes a Clint Eastwood gritty face.
E6 gives in.
E6 goes into pitch mode.
E6 and Sophie shake hands.
Sophie walks back toward home. It is dusk. A figure in a cloak peeks from behind a corner.
The figure approaches quickly.
They drop a note in front of Sophie
She picks it up.
The cloaked figure is gone.
Closeup on the page. It's a rag-tag flier for the time rebellion. The image is a defaced poster from ep 28
Sophie considers this.
She crumples the page angrily.
She throws it away as she walks into the night.
Cold open on a shot of the negative ad, which is played as a regular ad without unusually negative text.
Todd holds the paper angrily.
Fixit looks out angrily at the line of people at the shiny store across the street.
Fixit looks out the window of their shitty little store.
Fixit draws on the whiteboard. It's a drawing of Jack with an arrow pointing to the aquarium.
Fixit draws on the whiteboard. It's a picture of Fixit with a janitor outfit and a mop using a big pipe to fill up a shark tank.
Fixit draws on the whiteboard. It's Jack getting devoured by sharks and Fixit laughing off to the side.
Hattie eats an apple, standing casually off to the side.
Todd addresses Hattie.
Hattie casually throws her half-eaten apple at Todd.
Fixit is annoyed.
Todd is thinking.
Hattie rolls her eyes.
Todd is excited.
Hattie crosses her arms. Todd responds plainly.
Hattie puts the package of forks down on a nearby display.
Hattie storms away. Todd calls after her.
Two-shot of Hattie and Jack in a shitty manager room. Think Best Buy manager's office.
Same shot.
Jack shakes Hattie's hand. Hattie points to the computer.
Hattie walks past Jack.
Hattie sits down at Jack's desk.
Jack stands there awkwardly. Hattie uses the computer.
Same shot. Hattie looks up at Jack.
Same shot. Jack walks out as Hattie gets back to the computer.
Closer on Hattie using Jack's computer.
Shot of the screen, which has another vaguely negative ad.
Closeup on her finger pressing delete on the keyboard.
Hattie walks out of the office, making a beeline for the door.
Jack pulls Mrs. Fish into frame.
Jack gets up close and mumbles under his breath. Hattie is wry.
Same shot. Hattie is happy.
Hattie politely escorts Mrs. Fish away while Jack Fixit stands proudly.
Jack Fixit stands in that same position, amazed.
Hattie walks into Todd's shop.
Hattie walks right past.
She grabs her bag.
Medium-close on Hattie.
Todd is freaking out.
Hattie walks toward the door.
Todd is desperate.
Hattie is confident. Todd is reactive.
Todd begrudgingly obliges. Hattie is confident as ever.
Todd shakes Hattie's hand.
Same shot, Fixit appears.
Todd and Hattie both shrug.
Fixit is dressed in a janitor's uniform at the aquarium.
Fixit is mad.
She yells.
Jack storms in. Security is hanging off of him, trying to subdue him.
The boys all work on a sandcastle together. It's pretty big, but not very impressive. Babs lays in the sand near the ocean.
Closeup on Oldie. He looks at a photo.
A shot of the photo. It's Todd and Oldie in front of the sandcastle. In the photo, Oldie is looking at a photo.
Tomo takes a picture of the scene.
Tomo looks at the photo. It's the same as Oldie's photo.
Shot of Babs by the ocean. Everyone else's backs are turned.
Same shot. A wave comes up beneath him.
Same shot. Babs is pulled out to sea.
Todd in foreground, the camera to the ocean. In the distance, Babs floats toward the sun.
Todd looks in the cooler, filled with soda and snacks like berries.
Oldie looks under a small rock. A tiny crab shuffles out.
All three of the boys are in the ocean.
Medium on Babs in the open ocean. He floats, expressionless.
A fin emerges from the ocean.
Two more fins.
Three dolphins jump out of the water.
One of the dolphins carries Babs on his back.
Cut to a shot of all three of the boys as dolphins, screeching EEEE EEEE EEEE
A small fishing vessel out at sea, its nets cast.
Two people bring in the net. It's heavy. A third looks on, clearly in charge.
The net, filled with dolphins, lies on the deck. The three look on, concerned.
Two of them haul a dolphin to chuck overboard. Off-panel, the one in charge speaks.
Looking at the pile of dolphins, they've uncovered Babs.
Cut to the boys on a small boat.
Todd and Tomo.
Todd shrugs this off.
Tomo looks wistfully out at the ocean, leaning onto the side of the boat.
Shot of the boat in the sunset. It's beautiful. We can see Tomo's silhouette.
Medium shot of the Fisher.
He sets a hammer and a plank of wood down next to Babs. Thunder claps in the distance - a storm is brewing.
Wide shot. The boat is in the throes of a wild storm.
At the wheel, the Captain struggles to maintain control of the ship.
Shot of Babs laying next to the hammer and wood.
Wide shot. The boat sinks.
Same shot, silent on the ocean. Babs floats.
Same shot, he is eaten by a whale.
Close. Todd looks through a telescope.
Same shot, Todd lowers the telescope.
Wide-ish shot of the boat. The whale is actually super close.
Same shot. The whale opens its mouth and holds Babs forward on his tongue.
Todd shouts from behind the harpoon.
Tomo impores Todd.
Closeup. Todd is spiteful with vengeance as he aims the harpoon.
Todd shoots the harpoon.
Shot from the arrow's perspective (in foreground) as it shoots toward Babs.
Babs grabs the harpoon out of the air as it is about to hit him in the face.
The whale brings Babs in close to the ship.
Tomo grabs Babs.
The whale, enormous from the POV of the ship, looks at the boys.
Babs looks at the whale and smiles.
Wide shot. The whale and the ship. We see Babs, Tomo, and Todd.
Same shot. The ship disappears and all the boys are dressed as they were in 28 Oldie is now in the shot as well.z
Same shot. They fall into the ocean.
Shot of the shore with their sandcastle looking quite a bit more melted.
Same shot. They all wash up on shore. They're all face down aside from Babs and Oldie.
Same shot. Oldie sits up, arms raised triumphantly.
Todd walks into the kitchen. Tomo sits at the table casually playing a game. The place is a mess.
Wide shot of the kitchen, think Scott Pilgrim, with labels of whose stuff is whose.
Tomo puts his hand on Todd's shoulder, sincere.
Todd points.
Spooky angled shot of the idol on a shelf near the ceiling.
Tomo is terrified.
Tomo looks around nervously as Todd tries to walk out of frame.
A plate gets chucked across the room and smashes against a wall. The boys look on in terror.
Front shot of the boys in terror.
The shot of the idol.
Cut to: Todd and Tomo are both cleaning like crazy. Todd washes dishes and Tomo is taking a toothbrush to the ground.
Wide shot, same as panel 2 but it's clean and sparkling now.
Tomo is nervous.
Todd is nonchalant.
It is night. Oldie enters the kitchen, silhouetted against the hallway light.
Oldie pulls a sandwich out of the fridge.
He takes a bite.
He walks out of the room. Very low shot. There are crumbs on the floor.
The shot of the idol. It's got night lighting and is lit from beneath, very spooky.
Todd enters the kitchen. It's morning. He notices that one of the cabinets has a broom stuck through the handles.
Todd opens it. Oldie is jammed inside.
Itris watches from atop the cabinet.
Todd grabs Itris.
Todd tries to flush it down the toilet. Water overflows everywhere.
Todd walks back into the kitchen, 'job-well-done'-ing with his hands.
Itris is back. Todd is in the foreground, shocked.
Todd grabs Tomo by the hood, yelling.
Itris looks down on them as Todd and Tomo pontificate.
Tomo throws a dish on the ground. It explodes on impact.
Todd chucks dishware while Tomo throws eggs at the wall.
Shot of the statue.
Todd and Tomo spray ketchup and mustard at each other.
Shot of the statue, even closer.
Oldie, now dressed like he's in A Clockwork Orange, busts the window in the background.
The statue is super close up. It vibrates with rage.
Slightly wider shot. It explodes.
Todd, Tomo, and Oldie stand still amidst the chaos they've created.
Tomo is bummed out, but Todd is encouraging. Oldie is off-screen.
Oldie, still dressed like A Clockwork Orange, walks out of the room nonchalantly.
Todd stands with his new album, holding it admiringly at arm's length.
Close on the cover, Todd making a funny face very close to it.
Todd sits down with headphones, listening excitedly. Use specific symbols to show the music, which will be used later in the montage.
Same shot, Todd's face sinks.
Todd is all bummed out as he enters the living room. Tomo is casual.
Oldie is enthusiastic and wearing a Belts for Gloves t-shirt.
Todd is annoyed.
Tomo holds Babs up to their home stereo, playing the new album.
Todd plugs Babs' ears.
Montage. Todd writes a letter. He's got headphones on. Babs is lying on the desk next to him.
Montage. Todd taps his foot to the beat.
Montage. Todd licks the envelope, moving his head from side to side to the beat.
Todd puts the letter in the mailbox, carrying Babs.
Todd carries Babs, his back to what's happening behind him. The mail truck pulls up.
Same shot, beat as Todd realizes what he's done. The mail truck is in the same position.
Todd turns around just as the mail truck drives away.
Todd walks back in the house, bummed out. Tomo welcomes him, waiting outside the door.
Oldie shows off his framed response, hung on the wall.
Closeup on the response.
Todd hands Babs a bottle of wine. Tomo stands watching.
Babs pulls the bottle back in time 20 years (think cooking with the boys final panel).
Todd holds the bottle enthusiastically. It looks more worn than it did in panel
Todd pours the wine into glasses.
Todd is excited. He holds his wine glass in one hand and points with the other.
Tomo is strangely relaxed.
Tomo walks away. Todd calls after him as he gets a text.
The text is from Professor.
Todd looks up from his phone, a knock at the door.
Hattie is at the door.
Hattie walks through the doorway past Todd.
Hattie and Todd stand before the spread of wine bottles, three glasses already poured.
Hattie walks away.
Hattie pops into Tomo's room. Tomo isn't wearing a shirt.
Tomo is full-on blushing, standing like a deer in headlights.
Tomo jumps out his bedroom window and sprints into the forest, his shirt still off.
Todd pops his head into Oldie's room.
Oldie has a bottle and glass. He's not wearing any pants.
Todd and Hattie look at the menagerie of wine and cheese.
Todd holds up his glass.
Hattie holds the wine glass with all her fingers.
Same shot, Hattie raises her pinky, with little beams coming off to emphasize the fanciness.
Closeup. They toast.
Hattie is amazed as she sips. Todd is super excited, with red wine on his lips.
They eat wine and cheese, talking excitedly.
Hattie has a lampshade on her head, doing some kind of impression. Todd laughs hysterically.
A shot of two empty wine bottles, with a third opened.
Todd and Hattie talk on the couch. They're facing each other, sharing a blanket. They're clearly drunk.
Hattie interjects, they're both excited and pointing their palms toward each other.
Closeup on Todd.
They both laugh. Todd's arm is stretched behind her. Her head leans into his arm as she laughs.
Todd's arm is behind Hattie. He looks forward wistfully as she faces him intently, sitting on her knees.
Hattie is proud. She leans in closer to Todd.
Their faces get close. Hattie is the one making the moves.
Pull camera back, shot from panel 1 They kiss.
Wide shot of the bed. Hattie is sprawled out under the blankets, taking up most of the space. She snores loudly. Her hand rests lazily over Todd's face. Clothes are strewn about the room.
He sneaks out of the room.
Todd is at work, clearly hungover and disheveled. He is assembling a cardboard cutout of himself looking very chipper with a fork.
Fixit is unphased, he wants to talk about his thing.
Hattie walks into work.
Hattie asides to Todd.
Todd is uptight, protesting too much. Fixit rolls his eyes.
Medium/close on Todd.
Fixit fixes a computer. Todd puts up a cardboard cutout of himself. He's blushing and sweaty. Hattie restocks a shelf.
Todd interrupts the silence.
Hattie and Todd enter his office.
Medium/close on Hattie, nonchalant.
Todd is innocent. Hattie is still nonchalant as she points to herself.
Hattie puts her hand on Todd's shoulder. Todd smiles.
Same shot. They look at each other. Hattie's hand is still on Todd's shoulder.
Same shot. They start making out.
Sophie is in the cafeteria. She stands in front of a vaguely sentient food printer called Food-o-Mat and presses a button.
The machine 3D prints a sandwich onto a tray.
Same shot. The sandwich finishes with a DING!
Sophie smiles and walks away with the tray.
Closeup on the printer's face.
Sophie looks at a table full of cool people. It's full. They stare ominously.
Sophie looks at a table full of nerdy people. It's full. They stare ominously.
Sophie looks at a table with just one person who's a dracula, inviting her to sit down. The dracula lets out a hiss.
Sophie approaches E6, who sits alone.
E6 talks as if speaking on the down-low.
Sophie sits defiantly. A robot hovers into frame.
Same shot. The robot fills her cup with water.
E6 exclaims, their point made.
Sophie is a little bummed. E6 sits casually, taking the information in without processing it much.
E6 is stern.
Sophie turns and shouts at the Food-o-mat.
Medium-close on Sophie, she gives the Food-o-mat a stern thumbs down.
Closeup on the Food-o-mat's face, shocked.
Cold open on a pizza 3D printing.
An extra walks away with the pizza tray, but is surprised when the dispenser talks.
Sophie presses a button on the Food-o-mat.
Sophie walks away with her food. She struggles not to reciprocate.
Closeup on Food-o-mat's face. It is clearly agitated.
E6 and 5F sit together, talking happily. Sophie approaches.
Sophie sits.
E6 introduces 5F. Maybe just E6 in frame.
Sophie waves kindly. 5F smiles.
5F stands up from the table.
5F addresses E E6 blushes, shy at the insinuation.
E6 watches 5F walk away.
Shot of Sophie, excited by this development.
E6 is shocked and embarrassed at the implication, momentarily speechless.
E6 is reactive, angry.
E6 storms off, chucking their food tray and hitting a nearby robot (carrying around a dish tray)
Sophie walks with her lunch.
She looks at the table where E6 usually is. It's empty.
Sophie finds E6 at their desk. E6 is eating lunch there.
Sophie is speaking quietly, penitent. She kneels next to E
E6 sighs.
They look around, making sure no one else is nearby.
E6 admits it timidly.
Sophie stands up.
E6 smiles at Sophie.
Establishing shot. Everyone in the cafeteria is thanking the robots and vice versa - a new social paradigm has evolved. Sophie is ordering food.
She walks away with her food, the Food-o-matic speaks.
Sophie struggles to say nothing, continuing to walk.
Same shot as panel 1 FoM is furious, stomping from side to side.
People mumble about her, staring, as Sophie walks timidly through the crowd.
E6 sits at the lunch table and sees Sophie, calling her over.
Sophie sits, smiling.  